---
layout: post
title: Items
---

### Lantern Flail

*Martial weapon, melee weapon, very rare (requires attunement).* 2 lb.

**1d8 bludgeoning. Reach.**

You gain a ***+1 bonus*** to attack and damage rolls made with this magic weapon. On a hit, the target takes an extra ***1d4 radiant damage***. This weapon sheds bright light in a 20-foot radius and dim light for an additional 20 feet. It also disperses fog in a 20-foot radius. The fog reforms behind you as you move through it.

**Reach.** This weapon adds 5 feet to your reach when you attack with it. This property also determines your reach for opportunity attacks with a reach weapon.

### Gemlock Pistol

*Martial weapon, ranged weapon, firearm, rare.* 500 gp, 3 lb.

**1d10 piercing. Ammunition (30/90 ft.), loading.**

**Ammunition.** You can use a weapon that has the ammunition property to make a ranged attack only if you have ammunition to fire from the weapon. Each time you attack with the weapon, you expend one piece of ammunition. Drawing the ammunition from a quiver, case, or other container is part of the attack. Loading a one-handed weapon requires a free hand. The ammunition of a firearm is destroyed upon use. If you use a weapon that has the ammunition property to make a melee attack, you treat the weapon as an improvised weapon. A sling must be loaded to deal any damage when used in this way.

**Range.** A weapon that can be used to make a ranged attack has a range shown in parentheses after the ammunition or thrown property. The range lists two numbers. The first is the weapon's normal range in feet, and the second indicates the weapon's maximum range. When attacking a target beyond normal range, you have disadvantage on the attack roll. You can't attack a target beyond the weapon's long range.

**Loading.** Because of the time required to load this weapon, you can fire only one piece of ammunition from it when you use an action, bonus action, or reaction to fire it, regardless of the number of attacks you can normally make.

**Special.** This weapon does not use gunpowder, its ammunition is magically propelled, making it almost silent. You do not give away your location when you make an attack with this weapon. This weapon can be used in environments where a traditional firearm would not function (e.g. underwater).

### Gemlock Musket

*Martial weapon, ranged weapon, firearm, rare.* 1000 gp, 10 lb.

**1d12 piercing. Ammunition (40/120 ft.), loading, two-handed.**

**Two-handed.** This weapon requires two hands to use. This property is relevant only when you attack with the weapon, not when you simply hold it.

**Special.** This weapon does not use gunpowder, its ammunition is magically propelled, making it almost silent. You do not give away your location when you make an attack with this weapon. This weapon can be used in environments where a traditional firearm would not function (e.g. underwater).

### Triple-Barrelled Gemlock Rifle

*Martial weapon, ranged weapon, firearm, rare.* 3000 gp, 30 lb.

**1d12 piercing. Ammunition (80/320 ft.), reload (3 shots), two-handed.**

This weapon has an additional trigger that fires all 3 barrels at once. On a hit, the target takes ***1d12 piercing damage*** for each loaded barrel. This weapon must then be reloaded.

**Reload.** A limited number of shots can be made with a weapon that has the reload property. A character must then reload it using an action or a bonus action (the character's choice).

**Special.** This weapon does not use gunpowder, its ammunition is magically propelled, making it almost silent. You do not give away your location when you make an attack with this weapon. This weapon can be used in environments where a traditional firearm would not function (e.g. underwater).

### Zip-Wheel

*Improvised weapon, ranged weapon, firearm.* 200 gp, 3 lb.

**3d4 bludgeoning. Ammunition (15 ft. cone), loading, two-handed.**

You drop a handful of ball bearings into your zip-wheel while it spins at high speed. On an attack roll of 5 or less: the zip-wheel jams and must be repaired using an action.

### Ammunition

##### **Arrows and Bolts**

- **Acid Arrow.** +1d4 acid damage. On miss, creates 5-foot square puddle of acid. 2 sp, 4 gp (20).
- **Bludgeoning Arrow.** Damage becomes bludgeoning. 5 cp, 1 gp (20).
- **Cold Arrow.** +1d4 cold damage. Can freeze 5-foot cube of water for 1 hour. 2 sp, 4 gp (20).
- **Fire Arrow.** +1d4 fire damage. Can ignite 5-foot cube of flammable material. 2 sp, 4 gp (20).
- **Force Arrow.** +1d4 force damage. On failed DC 10 CON save, target knocked back 5 feet. 4 sp, 8 gp (20).
- **Lightning Arrow.** +1d4 lightning damage. On failed DC 10 CON save, target stunned until end of your next turn. 4 sp, 8 gp (20).
- **Poison Arrow.** +1d4 poison damage. On failed DC 10 CON save, target poisoned for 1 hour. 2 sp, 4 gp (20).
- **Radiant Arrow.** +1d4 radiant damage. +1d4 radiant damage if blessed. 4 sp, 8 gp (20).
- **Thunder Arrow.** +1d4 thunder damage. On failed DC 10 CON save, target deafened until end of your next turn. 4 sp, 8 gp (20).
