---
layout: post
title: Dungeon Master's Notes
published: false
---

## **Session 31 (996, Roscidas 23rd-26th)**

### Capture a Basilisk

The Six of Steel investigate the earthmote for the basilisk's victims. Many pieces of statues lie at the bottom of the cenote, dead. One statue seems in tact. The party may decide to lift her from the water somehow. To remove her petrified condition requires distilling the basilisk venom into a potion.

The petrified person is a dinosaur rider from Primal Antiqua, *Miyoko*, from the year 744 PO. She helped settle the earthmote when it drifted toward her home. It provided a source of water until the basilisk came through, destroying the water portal.

### Arti's Hearing

- Risking a crew of 20 to save 6 or fewer who may already be dead.
  - **Arti** can sense his heart and knows *Glimback* is safe.
- *Lathraia*'s blood hunter ritual in question. Blood hunters could become psychotic. Church sees ritual as an abomination.
  - Tested powers on psychotic creatures and turned them back to normal. Blood hunters can protect one another. Seen as a sacrifice to help understand the Miasma.
- Lathraia should be tried as a criminal for unsanctioned magical practice.
  - Lathraia's research and ritual was conducted outside of Church territory.
- *Tristis* does not want them to find Tenebrae's pillar (secret).
  - Suggests an Inquisitor should join them. *Spiro* volunteers.

Tristis may attempt to read the thoughts of:

- **Blythe**. Leading to the arrest of *Camren*. The Inquisition may try to retrieve the letter from the *Dawnroot Druids*. The Inquisition may cease the submarine construction, leading *Vetra Bery* to steal the submarine plans and flee to the Manyshells.
- **Arti** or **Firien**. Leading to Tristis insisting an Inquisition representative join them to prevent activation of the pillar.

*Clara* arrives late with the expedition crew following. The Crows, *Roshia*, *Denover*, *Lenna* and the *Feywild Ones* may also stand up for the *Six of Steel*.

### Into Darkness

*Caelum* may speak with **Bantonio** if he prays at a shrine before entering the Miasma. "Rodrigo Santiago. Who are you? Is your faith true? The work must continue, you must destroy the pillar."

- *Roshia* will arrive with the shipment of Arxian glass. *Eureka*, *Zephan* and *Hadley* must create the lanterns.
- Roshia will offer **Gomruss** her chronometer to keep track of time spent in the Miasma.
- *Cade* will offer an old cannon, he can be persuaded to help fund the expedition.
- If short of funds, *Doom* will recommend capturing a basilisk.

Crew of 25:

- **Commission**. Adelaide, Lathraia, Hadley, Doom, Tuperk.
- **Church**. Clara, Spiro, Stoutmann, Terrence, Talia, Balhorn, Ulletar.
- **Monks**. Baihu, Keijo, Blue-belly, Jaytrix, Brazen.
- **Inventors.** Eureka, Zephan.

Encounters:

- **Arctic**. Abandoned crude water filtration plant. Capture nets and abandoned gliders show this was created after the Rising. Arctic encounter table.
- **Forest**. Trees are marked with protective sigils. A wounded unicorn has had its horn cut off. Psychotic unicorns may attack.
- **Mountain**. Investigation reveals a small settlement warding off the effects of psychosis with unicorn horns. Villagers may turn psychotic and attack.

### Find Glimback

The expedition can be found holed up in an abandoned inn deep in the Miasma. The inn is regularly attacked by aberrations. Arti's heart protects them. Surviving expedition members include:

- *Glimback Toestubber*. Gnome artificer, head of the Commission.
- *Kalyptos*. Black dragonborn monster slayer ranger, Caelum worshipper. Wayfarer who encouraged Glimback to leave Arti behind. Member of the Inquisition.
- *Owain*. Harengon wild magic sorcerer, stuck in scared rabbit form.
- *Tiamo Trouve*. Human lapidurgy wizard. Exiled diamond guard and tactician.

If the pillar is found, *Kalyptos* will attempt to dissuade Arti from touching it. If unsuccessful, he will reveal his Inquisition badge and summon the Chimera.

### Find the Dream Visitor

If fatally wounded, *Ten* will accommodate the Six of Steel in their cottage. When coupled with Arti's heart, the magical fibres in Arti's chest will grow into muscles, granting him power. Arti may choose his appearance.

If the pillar is activated, *Ten* may seek out the party. They now have the memory bestowed to the person who touched it: a younger Ten paints a picture of the Miasma with Bahamut, Chauntea and Lathander watching over them.

---

### Find Naal Berevan

Naal was picked by the Grand Inquisitor to join the *Crosscut Circle* undercover due to his closeness with *Camren de Villeneuve*. The Grand Herald was told to announce Naal's dismissal but refused. Constable *Denover*'s proposal to send in his own undercover agent was refused so he couldn't interfere.

- *Vetra Bery* may kidnap Blythe and try to recruit her for the submarine crew. They intend to mutiny and use the submarine to search for and recover the body of Tenebrae (Arzhang).
  - If Blythe refuses, Naal will cast modify memory on Blythe. Leaving a message about his progress which must be delivered to the Grand Inquisitor.
- Vetra tells of the expedition from Tamlo in 972 PO that returned with an artefact. The Chruch intervened, murdering the expedition and sealing the artefact in the vault.
- Vetra knows about the expedition. She foretells of Blythe joining the Crosscut Circle once she discovers the truth in the Miasma.

### Investigate the Mining Dispute

*Snicker Nickelfoot* saw a miner fall to his death in the Resonant Mines, triggering the unionisation of the miners. The Ministry cannot confirm the existence of the fallen miner as there is no paperwork. Therefore, the implementation of better health and safety in the mines is on hold. The union holds regular strikes led by *Harbek Goldmask*.

Spiro intends to encourage his sister to intervene and give the miners the safety they need. Aura will instruct the *Garnetgrinder Clan* to sell shares of the Resonant Mines and outlaw monopolies on essential goods.

The *Think Tank*, in league with the *Mining Consortium*, modified Snicker's memory in order to persuade the Church to purchase resonite from *Micantrum* instead of the *Garnetgrinder Clan*. If proof is discovered the Church will demand they too sell their shares.

The *Think Tank* wish to know more about the expedition and have recruited **Blythe** via means of a puzzle. A business card leads Blythe to the drug dens of *Micantrum*.

### Anchorheart's Folly

*Lenna Madizos* was recently recalled from her work providing aid in the Manyshells and has been investigating why. Her only lead is the Church requisitioning vast amounts of Basilisk oil through independent guilds so it goes unnoticed. The basilisk oil is in preparation for a confrontation with Mallia, who have warriors that can petrify with their gaze.

**Guy**'s captain, *Bhaldrom Anchorheart* ordered Guy to retrieve the triple-barrelled gemlock rifle from Caelum's Landing. Anchorheart has made a deal with Vasilissa. He offers resonance weapons and in exchange the Mallians force the CSCA out of the Manyshells. *ABC* is headed to the Manyshells to investigate.

### Confront River Chapman

Tymora's emissary, *Chance*, has been trapped in a mirror by *River Chapman*, who is using her luck to influence his business and income. Chance recruits Gomruss to help her escape. River Chapman may trap the party in his game room. They will face dice monsters on a chequerboard in the Plane of Mirrors.

Gomruss needs a key to the Plane of Mirrors. Research may uncover:
- An artefact buried in a tomb in Arx
- The Queen of Diamante's crown
- Bhaldrom's diamond eye

### The Diamond Ball

The Queen of Diamante is hosting a ball following successful negotiations with the Emmeraude Republic. Magical trees were encroaching on Diamante territory. Emmeraude called for the cessation of deforestation. The Feywild Ones sought out *Lothran* in the Sylvan Kingdoms and found a way to quell the trees. The crown jewels will be on display, ripe for theft.

An assassination attempt on the queen's life will seemingly reveal the Emmeraude Republic are to blame. However, this is an excuse for *Baldassare Leonardi*, the head of the Diamond Guard to declare martial law. *Tiamo Trouve* was exiled when he lost a duel to Baldassare. Tiamo challenged his warmongering and punitive leadership.

### Unearth the Tomb

*Gurdeep Darshan*, the representative from the *Arx Institute of Archaeology* offered work clearing out a buried tomb in *Os Terrae*. Darshan's first expedition, led by *Xander Coppermane III*, became lost in the plane of mirrors, the party must rescue them. The tomb contains undead. The throne room houses a staff that can open portals to the plane of mirrors.

The party may discover a leopard-skin cloak inhabited by the spirit of a tabaxi thief king, *Darkhalijz*, who made a deal for immortality with *Abishek*. Trapped beneath a mountain of his own gold, his resurrections became a never-ending cycle, earning him a half-life as a cloak.
