---
layout: post
title: Session 1 The Adventure Begins
---

## **996, Roscidas 14th**

### Calligo Way

Looking out the window, the adventurers see the earthmote *Fundus*. It appears like a mighty inverted mountain in the clouds. Its underbelly glimmers with enchanted purple *resonite* ores. The *River Fountainhead* cascades over the shore and diffuses into the air nourishing a perpetual rainbow below. Directly beneath Fundus lie the *Resonant Mines*; the crater from which Fundus arose almost 1,000 years ago. The mine is a crystalline sinkhole with scaffolding spiralling down to seemingly never ending depths. Floating chunks of enchanted ore that have separated from Fundus litter the sky, appearing like an enormous explosion frozen in time.

As **Gomruss** unsuccessfully flirts with the silver-haired elf sat beside him, the cable car screeches to a halt. The driver's voice sounds over the loudspeaker to signal a delay. **Guy** becomes uneasy as he senses a tremor beneath his feet. He alerts the cabin and the adventurers stand ready. The sound of something zipping down the cable quickly becomes apparent and six sets of boots hit the roof of the car. When the windows shatter and the pirates leap into the car, **Arti** is the first to react, immediately defenestrating the unfortunate pirate that lands beside them.

**Firien** springs into action, successfully grappling the pirate captain. The captain pushes his pistol into the dragonborn's gut, but Firien is quick to slap the pistol away. The bullet shatters the window behind them. Sensing an opportunity, Firien heaves the captain toward the open window and pulls his parachute. The captain manages to grab a handhold as he is seized by the wind. He cuts his parachute away using his scimitar.

> "I said no HEROES!"
>
> *Zip-Pirate Captain to Firien.*

Meanwhile, Guy's quick reflexes put a bullet in one of the pirate's sides. **Blythe** leaps over their chair to decapitate the attacker with a slash of their scimitar. The pirate's head rolls the length of the car, startling the other passengers; a young halfling in particular, *Adniss Willglee*, whom **Bantonio** is quick to reassure. When Gomruss fails to land a shocking grasp, he is slashed by another pirate's scimitar.

Free to move, Arti lifts the discombobulated captain by his collar and dangles him out of the window, demanding the pirates "STOP!". Disobeying their hysterical captain, the pirates feign surrender and one manages to critically injure Arti using their zip-wheel! The ball bearings clatter against the warforged's metallic body leaving significant dents. While Gomruss' attacker flees, Guy skewers another with his rapier. Bantonio makes a final plea for truce and the pirates stand down.

### Fundus Park

The adventurers bind the pirates and return the passengers' valuables save for 10 gold plucked from the bag of holding by Guy, unnoticed. Upon reaching *Fundus Park* Station, the adventurers are met by Constable *Michael Denover* of the *Inland Guard* who takes the pirates into custody and receives the party's report. Bantonio leaves with Adniss to escort her to the park and meet her friends. Blythe is able to pickpocket the constable's badge and slip away while Firien fusses over the important package they are late to deliver.

> "How are you spelling that, sir?"
>
> *Constable Michael Denover to Gomruss.*

---

### **Next: [Session 2](session-2)**
### **Previous: [Session 0](session-0)**
