---
layout: post
title: Stat Blocks
published: false
---

## **Spiro Sol Orbis**

| STR | DEX | CON | INT | WIS | CHA |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 20  | 16  | 16  | 9   | 12  | 18  |
| +5  | +3  | +3  | -1  | +1  | +4  |

### Aasimar 18th level Oath of Glory Paladin

- **Celestial Resistance.** You have resistance to necrotic damage and radiant damage.
- **Radiant Soul.** Two luminous, spectral wings sprout from your back temporarily. Until the transformation ends, you have a flying speed equal to your walking speed, and once on each of your turns, you can deal *6 radiant damage* to one target when you deal damage to it with an attack or a spell.
- **Aura of Protection.** Whenever you or a friendly creature within 30 feet of you must make a saving throw, the creature gains a +4 bonus to the saving throw.

| AC | HP  | Saving   | DC | Spell | Speed  |
| -- | --- | -------- | -- | ----- | ------ |
| 20 | 156 | WIS, CHA | 18 | +10   | 30 ft. |

### Actions

- **Chakram.** Extra attack, thrown (30/120 ft.). +11 to hit, 1d6+5 piercing + 1d8 radiant. This magic weapon returns to the wielder's hand immediately after it is used to make a ranged attack.
- **17th level Oath of Glory spells.** Guiding bolt, commune, flame strike
- **Caelum's Halo.** As a reaction which you take when a ranged weapon or spell attack misses you, you can redirect the attack back at the attacker using the portal in your chakram.

---

## **Clara Sol Orbis** (7th Level Aasimar Trickery Cleric)

| STR | DEX | CON | INT | WIS | CHA |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 18  | 14  | 14  | 10  | 16  | 12  |
| +4  | +2  | +2  | 0   | +3  | +1  |

### Aasimar 7th level Trickery Cleric

- **Celestial Resistance.**
- **Radiant Soul.**

| AC | HP | Saving   | DC | Spell | Speed  |
| -- | -- | -------- | -- | ----- | ------ |
| 18 | 52 | WIS, CHA | 14 | +6    | 30 ft. |

### Actions

- **Lantern Flail.** Reach. +7 to hit, 1d8+4 bludgeoning + 1d8 radiant.
- **7th level Trickery Domain spells.** Sacred flame, dimension door, polymorph.
- **Invoke Duplicity.** As an action, you create a perfect illusion of yourself within *30 feet* that lasts for *1 minute*, or until you lose your *concentration*. As a bonus action on your turn, you can move the illusion up to 30 feet to a space you can see, but it must remain within 120 feet of you. You can cast spells as though you were in the illusion's space. Additionally, when both you and your illusion are within 5 feet of a creature that can see the illusion, you have *advantage* on attack rolls against that creature.

---

## **Eureka Midnight**

| STR | DEX | CON | INT | WIS | CHA |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 12  | 16  | 14  | 20  | 12  | 14  |
| +1  | +3  | +2  | +5  | +1  | +2  |

### Human 7th Level Artillerist Artificer

- **Arcane Firearm (clockwork wrist wand).** Infusion: enhanced arcane focus. +1 spell attacks, ignore half cover.
- **Mind Sharpener coronet.** Infusion: 4 charges, re-roll concentration.

| AC | HP | Saving   | DC | Spell | Speed  |
| -- | -- | -------- | -- | ----- | ------ |
| 16 | 47 | CON, INT | 16 | +9    | 30 ft. |

### Actions

- **Magic stone.** +9 to hit. 1d6+5 bludgeoning damage.
- **Eldritch cannon.** AC 18, HP 35.
  - *Flamethrower.* Each creature in 15-foot cone must make a DC 16 DEX saving throw, taking 2d8 fire damage on a failed save or half as much damage on a successful one.
  - *Force ballista.* Make a ranged spell attack, originating from the cannon, at one creature or object within 120 feet of it. On a hit, the target takes 2d8 force damage and is pushed up to 5 feet away from the cannon.
  - *Protector.* Grant the cannon and each creature of your choice within 10 feet of it 1d8+5 temporary hit points.
- **5th level Artillerist spells.** Scorching ray, shatter

## **Zephan Calligo**

| STR | DEX | CON | INT | WIS | CHA |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 14  | 16  | 14  | 18  | 9   | 16  |
| +2  | +3  | +2  | +4  | -1  | +3  |

### 7th Level Air Genasi Battle Smith Artificer

- **Lightning Resistance.** You have resistance to lightning damage.
- **Steel Defender** AC 15, HP 41. The defender shares your initiative count, but it takes its turn immediately after yours.

| AC | HP | Saving   | DC | Spell | Speed  |
| -- | -- | -------- | -- | ----- | ------ |
| 17 | 52 | CON, INT | 15 | +7    | 35 ft. |

### Actions

- **Boomerang +1.** Extra attack, thrown (20/60 ft.). +8 to hit. 1d6+3 slashing. Infusion: returning weapon. This magic weapon returns to the wielder's hand immediately after it is used to make a ranged attack.
- **Repulsion Shield.** +1 bonus to AC while wielding this shield. Use a reaction immediately after being hit by a melee attack to expend 1 of the shield's charges and push the attacker up to 15 feet away.
- **5th level Battle Smith spells.** Branding smite, warding bond.
