---
layout: post
title: Session 25 Wings of Justice
---

**Firien**'s eyes glow with intent. Perhaps it was time the *Six of Steel* met Grand Paladin *Spiro Sol Orbis*. **Guy** struggles to sleep while **Arti** whispers to Firien. The warforged wishes to learn more about the dragonborn's faith. Firien obliges with some encouraging words before quietly making an exit. While Firien seeks peace in the arms of a gentle Sunite, Arti settles down to pray for the first time. Reaching out to *Bahamut*, Arti is granted a vision of the platinum dragon's wings engulfing him. The wings part to reveal a stone pillar atop a grassy knoll amidst the Miasma.

The dragon lowers his enormous head to greet Arti and taps the top of the pillar with his talon. The pillar emits a shock wave that disperses the Miasma, revealing a verdant grassy landscape before distant snow-capped mountains. Arti notes the lack of earthmotes on the horizon and quickly memorises the inscriptions on the pillar. Arti reaches out his hand to thank Bahamut and wakes at the touch of cold, metallic scales. Guy almost pulls his pistol on Arti as he hears the warforged scribbling midnight notes.

***Guy's exhaustion level decreases by 1.***

## **996, Roscidas 21st**

**Gomruss** is the first to wake as he hears the voice of Doctor *Gurdeep Darshan* in his head. Gomruss decides to decline the archaeologist's job offer, suggesting he seek out Professor *Roshia Cralee*, a fellow graviturgy wizard, instead. This reminds Gomruss to contact Roshia. She seems relieved an expedition to rescue *Glimback* is finally being planned and requests specifications for the Arxian glass. While Gomruss liaises with *Zephan* and *Eureka*, Arti shows Firien his drawings.

The pair bristle with excitement when they discover they shared the same vision. Agnes joins the Six of Steel for breakfast and they work together to translate the inscriptions. Each of the pillar's four faces bears a different script: Celestial, Draconic, Dwarvish (Primordial) and Elvish (Sylvan). The same four lines are repeated on each face.

> "Cos you are in the earth of me.  
> You are in the earth of me.  
> My head's not yours it's mine...  
> Cos you are in the earth of me."
>
> *Saint Lydia's song.*

**Bantonio** snaps his fingers! Those were the lyrics to *Saint Lydia's Song*. There was no doubt in Firien's mind that Arti's vision was true; the warforged could not have dreamt of a language he did not know. If there were no earthmotes in Arti's vision, the pillar must predate Saint Lydia by at least 200 years. Firien is able to secure a small discount for the bed and breakfast by taking on some cleaning duties for *Seramia*. They pay ***16 gold*** in total.

***The party have advantage on DEX, CHA, STR and CON saving throws until the next short rest.***

### Department of Justice

On their way to the *Department of Justice*, Bantonio, Guy and **Blythe** detour briefly to purchase a potion of invisibility for ***160 gold***. Stepping off the cable car, the Six of Steel are greeted by a crowd of disgruntled workers. A chain of guards blocks the protesters from climbing the stairs to the Grand Paladin's headquarters. As they push through the crowd, Firien spots a dwarf leading the protest. The dwarf bears a striking resemblance to *Ivrinn Goldmask*, the command writer for whom the protesters want justice.

Arti grips Firien's hand tightly when he hears the protesters' anti-warforged chant. Gomruss' hands prickle with graviturgy but Firien calms him—they shouldn't make any aggressive moves. Bearing their pendant of Bahamut, Firien persuades one of the guards to let them through. Standing on the steps before the crowd, Firien raises their hand and unleashes a crack of thunder!

> "What in the nine hells do you think you are doing!? Don't you realise the people here are not your enemy!?"
>
> *Firien silences the protesters.*

Firien calls for a representative to join them on the steps. *Harbek Goldmask* approaches. He demands the release of his brother, claiming Ivrinn was only protecting the workers' jobs. When Firien counters, Harbek stresses that six months have passed without action from the *Ministry*, leaving the workers with no option but to strike.

> "Think about what you're doing. The people here are not to blame. They have families to feed just like you. The blame lies with the mining guilds and their exploitative monopolies."
>
> "So we take the fight to them, ay lads!?"
>
> "Are you truly prepared to have your hands drenched in blood?"
>
> *Firien to Harbek.*

Suddenly, the ground quakes and a gust of wind prompts Firien to spin around. Spiro Sol Orbis unfurls his enormous, angelic wings and calls for silence. He grips Firien by the shoulder and thanks them before addressing the crowd. Bantonio swoons, realising Spiro is the spitting image of Caelum. Though wary at first, Firien's brow relaxes when Spiro declares his intentions.

> "The Church has heard the voice of the people. It is clear to me that political opportunism has entangled the Ministry to the point of stagnation. That is why I am going to Caelum's Landing to speak with my sister. I will see you all keep your jobs and have the security you deserve. Now disperse, all of you. Before I have you all arrested."
>
> *Spiro addresses the protesters.*

Spiro beckons the Six of Steel into his office. Spiro rests his armoured boots on the desk while Bantonio admires the busts of previous Grand Paladins circling the opulent chamber. Arti offers the proposal to Spiro but the Grand Paladin declines to read it. Instead, he wishes to hear Arti's words as spoken from the heart. Arti's sincerity seems to convince Spiro that there may yet be hope for *Glimback*. However, he remains wary of *Lathraia*'s blood hunter ritual.

> "The Inquisition would cease this expedition out of sheer practicality—to risk so many for so few is a foreign concept to them. I, however, would keep you from your destiny only if I believed you would bring harm to others."
>
> "If that's what you believe, then come with us, Grand Paladin."
>
> *Firien invites Spiro to join the expedition.*

Taken aback, Spiro laughs at Firien's invitation, but seems intrigued. To further their proposal, Arti describes the pillar from his vision. Spiro examines Arti's drawings. He appears hopeful as Firien spins a tale of how they believe destiny brought the Six of Steel together, perhaps to find this pillar and destroy the Miasma. Spiro declares his support for the Six of Steel, but reiterates they must still face *Tristis Veritas* in the hearing.

***The party gains the effect of Bless until the end of the day.***

---

### **Next: [Session 26](session-26)**
### **Previous: [Session 24](session-24)**
