---
layout: post
title: Session 14 A Date with a Druid
---

### Crowswood Place

A magical green fire is the only source of illumination as **Arti** finds themself staring at the ceiling of a dilapidated cottage. They are paralysed, the metal of their body cold to the touch. They hear humming; a tune they do not recognise. Arti's dream visitor once again looms over them, thousands of ethereal hands protruding from its torso and back. They reach into Arti's chest to begin weaving magical fibres. Arti perceives wisps of darkness bleeding from beneath the figure's cascading hair and a glint of purple where its left eye should be. Arti returns to consciousness in *Hadley*'s workshop.

Arti takes a moment to amend their drawing of the dream visitor and memorise the tune it was humming. They then seek out *Adelaide* in her office. Arti finds the Commission's chief in dire need of caffeine after an all-nighter and makes her a coffee. Arti offers to spearhead today's meeting with the Exarch. Adelaide agrees and she, Arti and *Hadley* convene with **Firien** in the *Wind District* while **Guy**, **Gomruss**, **Blythe** and **Bantonio** go shopping.

### The Oratory

*Aura* awaits the Crows in the *Oratory*'s main hall. Still somewhat lethargic, Adelaide introduces her companions and defers to Arti to deliver their proposal. The warforged offers the hefty document to the Exarch and eloquently paraphrases their plan to use *Lathraia*'s blood hunter ritual to traverse the Miasma and find *Glimback*. Aura seems perturbed at first so Arti reassures her by explaining the risks involved and the measures they will take to mitigate them. When questioned, Hadley is able to describe the details of the ritual itself.

> "The Miasma is the very blight released upon this land by Caelum's ultimate foe. To take the Miasma into oneself would directly oppose the fundamental beliefs of the Church. How can I approve of such a sacrifice?"
>
> "Isn't the sacrifice worth making if we can help purify the Miasma in Caelum's name?"
>
> *Arti persuades Aura.*

After some debate, Aura suggests she would be willing to approve Arti's proposal provided they limit the ritual to as few volunteers from the Commission as possible. Aura would also require they use blood magic sparingly; for protection inside the Miasma and for healing those afflicted by psychosis. Adelaide agrees and Aura takes her leave, stating that she will read the full proposal and send word of her decision as soon as she is able. Firien, perplexed that Aura should be so receptive, believes that Arti may have impressed upon her the hope that they might discover a way to rid Fio of the Miasma.

### Dawnroot Forest

Firien leads the Six of Steel to the *Statue of Caelum* on the outskirts of the *Dawnroot Forest*. The party are calmed by sounds of rushing water. They are close to the *River Fountainhead* which, Firien states, they must follow north to find the *Dawnroot Druids*. Before they do, Bantonio kneels to pray before Caelum's resting place. Bemused by the statue's size and cleanliness, the devout human leaves an offering amongst the few coins and flowers at Caelum's feet. Guy attempts to pull the statue's various appendages in hopes of finding a secret passage, but nothing happens.

Blythe attributes the statue's cleanliness to the work of Heralds, whose footprints encircle the statue. However, two more pairs of footprints stand out to Blythe. A small leather boot appears to have had an intense and lengthy conversation with a larger armoured boot where the grass has been worn away. As Blythe is investigating, Arti spots a stag watching the group from the treeline. Conscious that their observer may be a druid, Arti bows. After a few moments, the stag returns the bow.

After an hour following the river, the party begin to question how far they have travelled. According to Firien, they should have arrived by now. That's when the dragonborn spots a chromatic shimmer to the trees ahead. Blythe too spots the same distortion further up the river. Gomruss recognises this as a Mirage Arcane spell and declares the party must ignore it to pass. Guy instead decides to climb a tree. The pirate can see their destination from atop the canopy. When he decides to leap to the next tree for a better view, he disappears.

> "Guy? Where did you go?"
>
> "What are you talking about? I'm right here!"
>
> *Firien to Guy.*

With the illusion exposed, Firien, Blythe and Guy are able to pull the others through the mirage. Within moments, the Six of Steel are surrounded by a patrol of horse archers. Their leader, a chestnut brown centaur, introduces herself as *Myrthe*. She lowers her bow when Blythe mentions *Falvalor* and escorts the party into *Pen Ffynnon*, the home of the Dawnroot Druids.

### Pen Ffynnon

A hamlet of tree houses circles *Lake Fountainhead*, protecting the river's source; a portal to the elemental plane of water. A senior high elf with imposing antlers and long, white hair approaches from the largest roundhouse. He introduces himself as *Hlynur*, the circle's Archdruid. His pink complexion brightens when Blythe explains how she knows Falvalor.

> "It turns out he was the missing cat I was looking for! He gave me a case."
>
> "He's been at it again."
>
> *Blythe to Hlynur.*

Falvalor greets Blythe with a hug and the kindly, auburn-haired half-elf introduces himself to the Six of Steel. Hlynur leads them inside when Firien suggests they may wish to speak in private. Blythe explains she has not been able to find Naal because he has likely been recruited by the *Inquisition*. Hlynur seems displeased to learn that Falvalor has been making friends with Caelumites.

> "I met him a few months ago when he was cleansing the statue of Caelum. When he disappeared, I sneaked out to try and find him. I went to Tenebrae's Refuge disguised as a cat and... ended up getting adopted by an old lady. That's when Blythe found me!"
>
> *Falvalor recounts his adventures.*

Blythe presents the secret letter she copied to the druids. Falvalor is saddened by the news but does not wish for Blythe to get into trouble with the Inquisition. At Falvalor's request, Hlynur agrees to keep the letter safe in Pen Ffynnon. Much to Firien's chagrin, Blythe seems intent on completing her investigation. Firien suggests they could stop by *Tenebrae's Refuge* to speak with *Camren* before exploring *Little Nox*; the location in *Silas Beckonhand*'s notes.

To sate the druids' curiosity, Blythe shares her notes from *Kurt*'s murder investigation. She asks Hlynur if he recognises the location in the fake will. According to him, Silas intended to lure his brother *Cade* very close to a *Dire Wolf Den*. *Milo*, a ginger minotaur, claims that while on his patrol he would regularly see a dark-haired dwarf walk through the Dawnroot Forest.

> "I think he came to calm his nerves; he seemed troubled. Last I saw him he was outside the Dire Wolf Den, stroking his chin like he had an idea."
>
> "It's looking more and more like Silas is guilty."
>
> "We should send an anonymous tip to Michael!"
>
> *Milo to Firien. Blythe gets excited.*

While Blythe and Firien discuss their investigations with the druids, Arti sits outside with Gomruss. Several woodland creatures climb into the warforged's cupped hands to feed. Unfortunately, Gomruss' booming voice scares them away. Bantonio offers to help Myrthe gather mushrooms for a communal soup. The centaur has to swat a poisonous mushroom from Bantonio's hands before he can place it in his basket.

> "No, no! That's a poisonous one! These ones are edible."
>
> "I am sorry, they look so similar."
>
> "But this one is red and this one is white. Are you... colour blind?"
>
> *Bantonio's mind is blown again.*

With preparations for lunch underway, Firien offers their expertise to the local baker and the pair make some tasty pastries. A buzz surrounds the local butcher as Gomruss pressure-cooks a selection of rabbit haunches to perfection, making him very popular with the local carnivores.

**The party have advantage on Constitution saving throws until the end of the day.***
