---
layout: post
title: Session 29 Dragons and Dreamscapes
---

**Arti**, **Bantonio**, **Firien** and **Blythe** return to *Crowswood Place* and are elated by the smell of *Subira*'s cooking. While helping in the kitchen, Bantonio learns that Subira used to be an elite and indiscriminate assassin. The elderly tabaxi twitches when Bantonio asks after her loved ones. She simply claims to be too old now for romance. *Adelaide* examines Arti's supply list and offers ***2000 gold*** toward the total cost. Overhearing Firien's plans to drop *Lenna* off at *Madanau* prompts **Gomruss** to call his parents. Panicked by their son's apparent hubris, *Jaagins* and *Roolu Bandorul* leap into their car, intent on dragging Gomruss home.

Jaagins bangs on the door and is greeted by a resolute Firien. Despite the demands of the dragonborn, Firien blocks their entrance until Gomruss has finished his meal. Gomruss recites his explanation in detail, trying to summon the confidence to face his overprotective parents. Though his father flippantly dismisses his persuasion attempts, pride swells in Gomruss' stomach when every member of the *Six of Steel* stands to support him.

> "I didn't want to say this, Gomruss. But your graviturgical skills are mediocre at best! Do you really think you have anything to offer this foolhardy expedition?"
>
> "He's not a graviturgist, he's a very naughty boy!"
>
> *Jaagins and Roolu discourage Gomruss.*

Listening to the testimony of Gomruss' peers gives Jaagins pause. Roolu's eyes glisten at her son's declaration of faith. She whispers in Jaagins ear, perhaps realising the role *Bahamut* had to play in her son's destiny. When Jaagins offers assistance, Firien instead solicits an apology on Gomruss' behalf. Smoke billows from Jaagins' lips as he reluctantly admits his controlling nature. Gomruss embraces his father, who returns the hug in an unfamiliar manner. When Roolu learns of Gomruss' partner, *Tabitha*, she bounces excitedly on her tiptoes. The pair depart thankfully unaware of the hearing.

Before retiring, Bantonio approaches *Droleg*, who is casually strumming his lute. Fascinated, Bantonio asks if the hobgoblin might teach him *Saint Lydia's song*. **Guy**'s dictation is promptly interrupted by the sound of Bantonio's clumsy plucking. The intern types three letters for Guy: one addressed to his parents, another to a member of his crew, and the last to his wife. Troubled by everyone's pre-emptive goodbyes, **Blythe** decided to compose a letter to her best friend, Constable *Denover*. She informs him of their perilous expedition using invisible ink.

> Elyse.
>
> Much left unsaid. For my part, I apologise. For yours, I understand. Due to embark upon a journey from which I may not return. My mind eternally gravitates towards you.
>
> Be well.
>
> *Guy Brush.*

### The Miasma

Once again, Arti finds himself face-to-face with *Glimback* as his sobbing father pries the lantern from his chest. Curiously, this time Arti is not paralysed. He raises his head and recognises Glimback's companions from the Commission's files. Beside him, *Kalyptos*, a black dragonborn ranger, implores Glimback to leave Arti behind. As Glimback makes his escape, Arti spots *Owain*, a harengon wild magic sorcerer, polymorph into a giant hare! Another Crow, *Tiamo Trouve*, leaps onto the hare's back wielding a paladin's blade.

Suddenly, the underside of the chimera's carapace fills Arti's vision as it clambers over him. In an effort to keep pace with the Crows, he grabs onto one of its legs. The warforged is dragged through the dirt for almost a minute until a sharp rock severs his grip. Arti stumbles to his feet in pursuit but the chimera quickly fades into the Miasma. Arti charges through the purple void until a familiar shape comes into view. The pillar. Without a second thought, Arti places his hand atop the pillar. The script glows momentarily but quickly diminishes. Confused, Arti starts to cut away the vines concealing the script. Then a gentle voice calls out.

> "That won't work. I'm afraid in this moment, Arti, you are dead."
>
> *Dream Visitor.*

Arti spins around. The visitor approaches him, apparently as fully lucid as he. According to them, the two now share a dreamscape. Questions spill from Arti's mind, prompting the elegant earth genasi to calm him. They place a hand on Arti's chest, sensing the warforged's connection to his soul. Arti explains how he believes his soul was that of *Arthur Toestubber*, Glimback's son. The visitor reassures Arti that the magical fibres in his chest will grant him power at the appropriate time.

> "You asked me once why I helped you. I think perhaps I knew how young you were."
>
> *Dream Visitor.*

Curious, the visitor asks how Arti became aware of the pillars. A bell rings in Arti's head—how many pillars were there? He recounts the events of Bahamut's vision and asks how Saint Lydia's song came to be inscribed on the pillar. Seemingly uncertain, the visitor believes the song is their own. They recall moments of their former life as an artist but claim to have lost their true name to time.

> "Are you a god?"
>
> "No, nor do I deserve to be worshipped as such. The name I have been given only begets fear and evil."
>
> "Then what should I call you?"
>
> "You may call me... Ten."
>
> *Arti to Ten.*

Though concerned that Arti intends to return to the Miasma, *Ten* offers their blessing, perhaps realising they are both now part of greater events set to unfold. Before Arti awakes, Ten imparts a cryptic warning.

> "It is clear to me that I have unwittingly stumbled upon your destiny, and I intend to help you fulfil it. But beware... one of them is false."
>
> *Ten to Arti.*

## **996, Roscidas 23rd**

### Crowswood Place

While Gomruss calls *Roshia* and Tabitha, Arti hastily recounts the events of his dream. Wide-eyed with realisation, Blythe suggests that Ten could be short for *Tenebrae*, the fiend behind the construction of *Mundi Eversor*. Stroking their chin, Firien counters Blythe's deduction. Tenebrae was depicted as a cambion in the painting in *Camren*'s office. However, given their song was inscribed on the pillar, it was likely Ten was the pillar's creator.

Gomruss informs the Six of Steel that Roshia will arrive today with the Arxian glass. Furthermore *Clara* had sought out the *Feywild Ones* in *Diamante* to tell them of the expedition. Examining Arti's notes, Bantonio realises he recognises one of the missing Crows. Tiamo was once a member of the *Diamond Guard* but was banished after losing a duel to the Captain of the Guard, *Baldassare Leonardi*.

---

### **Next: [Session 30](session-30)**
### **Previous: [Session 28](session-28)**
