---
layout: post
title: Session 46 The Earth of Me—Part 2
---

### Seventh Pillar

**Bantonio** stumbles back as the sounds of battle once again overwhelm his senses. Examining the pillar before him, he realises the Celestial script is now illuminated. Cornered by the basilisk, *Kalyptos* risks revealing his eyes. He gazes at the monstrosity, shaking off petrified scales as he casts banishment. The basilisk wails as it disappears inside **Gomruss**' die.

Kalyptos turns his gaze to *Glimback*. He lunges forward, attempting to grapple the gnome, but Glimback slips between the Inquisitor's legs. Kalyptos gives chase but is waylaid by **Firien**'s claw of *Bahamut*. Glimback touches the pillar. His eyes gloss over momentarily and the Primordial script illuminates. He calls out to his friends.

> "Arti! Arti needs his heart!"
>
> "SPIRO! GET YOUR ARSE UP HERE!"
>
> *Glimback. Gomruss summons Spiro.*

Unable to move, **Arti** watches in horror as new limpid, vestigial heads grow from the chimera's wounds. They strike his friends, incapacitating **Blythe** and critically wounding Firien! Though the chimera's poison threatens to overwhelm Firien, they stand resolute, blocking the chimera's final attack and redeeming a moment to cast cure wounds. **Guy** equips his gemlock pistol to defend Firien from afar, puncturing the dragon head.

Dispelling his invisibility, Bantonio attempts to ambush and disarm the Inquisitor. Kalyptos roars in pain as Bantonio's burning longsword slices into his arm, instantly cauterising the wound. Despite this, the Inquisitor keeps hold of his scimitar. Too weak to retaliate, he instead stirs up the ash at his feet to conceal a desperate escape. Bantonio calls out to his friends. They could use Kalyptos' die to banish the chimera!

Suddenly, the sky is bathed in radiant light as *Spiro* soars above them carrying Arti's heart! He quickly assesses the battlefield and finds Arti in danger. Folding his wings, he dives toward Arti and slams the heart into his chest! The light intensifies immediately. Spiro staggers back as Arti rises into the air. The battlefield falls silent as the magical fibres in Arti's chest envelop his heart and begin to weave muscles around his joints. Within moments, Arti's entire body is engulfed by the light.

### Dreamscape

When Arti next opens his eyes, *Ten* stands before him in the dreamscape. A question enters his mind. Who am I? He considers his former life as *Arthur Toestubber* and the unwavering love of his father, Glimback. He recalls his journey as Arti the warforged, cherishing the friends he made along the way. Finally, he smiles at Ten, who made this all possible. By his own will, Arti's transformation shall reflect the impressions those he loves have made on him.

> "Congratulations, Arti. I can't tell you how thankful I am. Now... breathe."
>
> *Ten tears up.*

### Seventh Pillar

Arti inhales deeply, momentarily stunned by the sensation of air in their lungs. Pulses of radiant light wash over the *Six of Steel*, reinvigorating them while searing the chimera's flesh. As Arti's feet touch the grass, the light wanes. In the warforged's place stands a tall, humanoid figure with curly hair, gnome-like ears and a crown of gemstones. Much like Ten, one half of their face bears a green tint.

***The party advances to 7th level!***

Supercharged by Arti's light, Gomruss points at the chimera. A gravity sinkhole opens up above the aberration, momentarily warping and crushing its extremities. Blythe stumbles to her feet, healed by Arti's newfound power. Amidst the chaos, she hears the beating of draconic wings. She spies the outline of Kalyptos in the clouds and alerts Firien. Firien clenches their fist to summon five talons of lightning. They ensnare and torture Kalyptos, sapping the last of his strength. He falls from the sky, landing unceremoniously at Bantonio's feet.

Bantonio investigates Kalyptos' pockets and finds the die. He gestures toward the chimera and utters the draconic word for return. Instantly, an arc of lightning connects to the chimera and it begins to transform. Bantonio's hair billows in a magical whirlwind as the chimera is drawn safely back into the die. The following silence is shattered by a howl of celebration as Glimback throws himself into Arti's arms. After a moment of respite, Firien wakes Kalyptos so that he may watch as they activate the pillar.

> "You did it! I can't believe it! Oh, you're all grown up..."
>
> *Glimback to Arti.*

Together, the Six of Steel, Glimback and Spiro touch the pillar. Arti beams when Ten's hand rests beside theirs on the pillar. The remaining Sylvan and Draconic scripts illuminate and a wave of energy cascades over the earthmote and beyond. As the Miasma gradually disperses, the storm subsides, revealing the blue sky above. Looking east, the purple gloom retreats across the earthmotes they discovered on their journey. Eventually, an aperture opens in the distant border to the Relief. As it grows, the welcome sight of their home is revealed.

Excited, Gomruss rushes off to cast sending to all his loved ones while Firien attempts to reassure a despairing Kalyptos. Bantonio is startled to find Ten at Arti's side! He shakes the dream visitor's right hand in deference. When Guy tries to shake their left hand, he finds himself grasping at an illusion. Ten thanks the Six of Steel for restoring their memory. A tear escapes their eye when the party unanimously commit to finding the remaining nine pillars.

> "I think in a way I am the Miasma. Part of me can move through it."
>
> "And the other part is in a giant diamond at the bottom of the sea?"
>
> *Ten to Guy.*

When Gomruss hears his parents' voices, a wave of pride overwhelms him. According to an excited *Tabitha*, all of Caelum's Landing is looking west toward the new horizon. *Roshia* does not reply until she finds a moment of solitude. Her investigation led her to the Dawnroot Druids, who showed signs of having their memories altered.  *Camren de Villeneuve* was arrested for his association with the *Crosscut Circle*. While trying to confiscate *Loronath*'s submarine, the Inquisition was attacked. The cable car carrying the submarine fell into the sea where it was stolen by *Vetra Bery*. The Inquisition believe she fled to the Manyshells.

Roshia claims to be looking for a secret way out of Caelum's Landing now that the Inquisition are panicking. Concerned for *Aura*'s safety, Firien casts sending to warn the Exarch. Thankfully, she acknowledges their message. Despite the danger, Firien suggests they Six of Steel return to Caelum's Landing to reveal the truth before the Inquisition can conceal it.

---

### **Next: [Session 47](session-47)**
### **Previous: [Session 45](session-45)**
