---
layout: post
title: Session 20 Denover's Dilemma
---

Constable *Denover* clears his throat to interrupt **Blythe** and **Firien**'s hushed whispers. The pair reveal that *Falvalor* came to Blythe in hopes she might help find his friend *Naal*. Blythe offers Naal's letter to the constable but chooses to withhold the letter she took from *Camren*'s office. Denover strokes his chin. Could Naal be working for the Inquisition? Despite the Inquisition's involvement, Denover seems intent on continuing his investigation. Firien glares and attempts to dissuade the constable from chasing a promotion. Denover agrees to discontinue his investigation and instead offers Blythe a sending stone to keep him apprised of her own investigations.

> "You're saying this could cost me my career."
>
> "I'm saying it could cost you your life."
>
> *Denover to Firien.*

### Crowswood Place

The *Six of Steel* return to *Crowswood Place* and are quickly invited to share in a delicious meal prepared by *Subira*. **Arti** recounts the events of their lucid dream to *Hadley* and *Doom*. The two Crows examine Arti's drawings. Doom recognises the monster that paralysed Arti; a chimera, deformed and driven mad by Miasma psychosis. After hearing *Saint Lydia's Song*, Arti theorises that the dream visitor might be related in some way to patron saint of healers. Hadley highlights that if the dream visitor referred to Caelum's Landing as Anfang, they would be at least 200 years older than Saint Lydia.

Hadley further proposes that Arti may have simply imagined their connection to the dream visitor, but Arti remains sceptical. The cogs now turn in **Gomruss**' head as he recalls his mentor's chronurgy lectures. He declares that time has no meaning in one's own mindscape. If indeed Arti had connected to the dream visitor in some way, their knowledge would not have been limited by the confines of the dream. The Crows retire to their rooms with their minds swimming in theories. **Bantonio** offers to help wash up, earning praise from Subira.

Arti pulls *Lathraia* aside to show him the more detailed drawing of the dream visitor. Lathraia confirms Arti's suspicions. It appears the dream visitor has found a way to inhibit the long-term effects of Miasma psychosis, perhaps by containing it to one half of their body. How? The yuan-ti could not say. While Subira douses the candles, Arti sneaks off to the library to search for answers. They find several books with references to Saint Lydia, including *A Brief History of Fio*.

> **The War of Accession ends - 203 PO**
>
> Cor defeats Rex at the Battle of Fountainhead but chooses to spare Rex's life. Cor is anointed Exarch by the people of Caelum's Landing. The young aasimar appoints Rex as Grand Paladin.
>
> **Madanau arrives in Fio - 204 PO**
>
> The desert oasis Madanau appears erde-west of Fundus in a whirlwind of sand. Initially submerged in the Miasma, the enormous emerald dragon, Vulcan, emerges from his dormancy to push Madanau beyond the barrier with his hurricane-like breath. Few denizens of Madanau see the dragon before he returns to his slumber beneath Montanum, but those that did have passed on the tale for generations. Cor Sol Orbis chooses to send aid to Madanau but is met with adversity. Lydia Iremia, a curious earth genasi healer from Montanum, sets out on a journey to aid the denizens of Madanau. There she meets Cor Sol Orbis, who attempts to convince Madanau to accept Church aid and the construction of an embassy. Sensing Cor's intent to be benevolent, Lydia convinces the people of Madanau to accept the Church's offer.
>
> **Cor Sol Orbis marries Lydia Iremia - 209 PO**
>
> **Cor Sol Orbis dies and Rex Sol Orbis becomes Exarch - 213 PO**
>
> *An extract from A Brief History of Fio.*

Unbeknownst to the warforged, Blythe is also skulking around the History section. Their startled faces meet through a bookcase and Arti shares the books they have found. According to A Brief History of Fio, the Inquisition was founded in 972 PO by *Ardeat Sol Orbis* who appointed *Tristis Veritas* as Grand Inquisitor. The door creaks. Footsteps approach. Arti and Blythe jump out of their skin when Subira's furious, wrinkly face appears, illuminated by the lantern she carries. She demands they go to bed.

## **996, Roscidas 20th**

### Calligo Way

The next morning, the Six of Steel catch the earliest cable car to *Ingenium*. Bantonio is excited to find a photograph of the Six of Steel on the front page of the local newspaper. The article recounts the plays of the New Blood Tournament winners with particular emphasis on Firien's rise to public acclaim. **Guy** smirks when he spies that the CSCA's and GGC's shares have decreased in value owing to the discovery of the resonite deposit on Tenebrae's Refuge. Firien spots an article about the incident. Caelum's Landing University has incurred a severe fine for allowing use of a teleportation circle reported to be malfunctioning. To Firien's surprise, the cleric leading the squad to exorcise the will-o'-wisps is *Lenna Madizos*, their older sister.

The loudspeaker prompts the passengers to look out the window. A squadron of giant manta rays is flying alongside the cable car. Arti is surprised to learn that the rays can migrate through the Miasma without suffering the effects of psychosis. Though peaceful creatures, the rays have been known to defend themselves against eager researchers and greedy poachers. The cable car arrives on Ingenium. The doors open to reveal a sprawling brass metropolis interconnected by a complex network of cable cars and flying taxis. The party join hands to prevent getting lost in the crowds. Fortunately, Guy is able to use his seafaring skills to make sense of the route map.

### Resonite Refinery

Exiting the cable car on the fifth floor of the refinery, Arti spots several clockwork automata amongst the workers. A whistle signals a shift change, parting the crowds in reception. The party is greeted by a gnome with red cat-eye glasses and matching acrylic nails. She seems confused by Arti's appearance. Arti explains they are here to see *Eureka Midnight* and *Zephan Calligo*. Eureka's excitement can be heard through the receptionist's sending stone.

> "What's your number?"
>
> "Err... Arti."
>
> "RT- what?"
>
> "No, just Arti."
>
> *The receptionist realises Arti is unique.*

The two artificers appear at the door. Eureka immediately embraces her favourite warforged. Her voluminous midnight blue hair is decorated with silver stars and jewels. Bantonio offers her his handkerchief when she bursts into tears of joy. Eureka thanks Bantonio, realising they share an accent. She shoots him a glance when she spies the initials *FS* embroidered on his handkerchief. Zephan lifts his goggles and claps Arti on the back. His flawless sky blue complexion and perfect white hair bely his physically demanding occupation. He makes sure to flex his muscles for Bantonio. 

The pair offer the party a tour of the foundry floor. Gomruss gazes in awe as a giant smelter pours white hot molten resonite into ceramic moulds. Two large, fire-resistant warforged must operate the equipment owing to temperatures of almost 6000℉. Once settled in Eureka's workshop, Arti delivers their proposal. Eureka shakes her head. Nine days was not enough time to construct a resonance engine large enough to move an earthmote, but perhaps they could provide smaller thrusters to assist the monks. As for how they might enhance the Commission's lanterns, Zephan has an idea.

> "What we need is Arxian glass. You guys heard of Roshia Cralee?"
>
> "She's my old mentor!"
>
> *Zephan to Gomruss.*

Zephan suggests that Arti travel to Arx to speak with *Roshia Cralee* and procure Arxian glass for the lanterns. When Arti asks the pair if they know what Hadley might be hiding from them, Zephan elbows Eureka. Sensing the pair are hiding something, Firien speaks aloud.

> "It's not our place to say."
>
> "Then whose place is it? Glimback's? I'd say that's pretty unfair considering he might be dead."
>
> *Firien appeals to Eureka's conscience.*

After a tense moment, Eureka takes a breath. Before she can speak, she is interrupted by a knock at the door.
