---
layout: post
title: Session 19 Where the River Flows
---

### The Hearty Tankard

The *Six of Steel* arrive at *The Hearty Tankard*. **Gomruss** slips through the crowd to tap the shoulder of the drunken half-elf snoozing at the bar. Much to the drunkard's surprise, the dragonborn confidently hands over the ***20 gold*** he owes. The drunkard tips his hat in thanks then returns to his slumber. Gomruss spies the debt collector from Ruby sat beside his two cronies at the River table in the corner. However, before Gomruss can approach, he is waylaid by *Bilziver Boldcrag*, the angry farmer whose wheat he crushed in the battle with the pteranodons. Fortunately, **Firien** is able to deliver some expert financial advice to placate him.

> "Do you have insurance?"
>
> "Do I have insurance!? What's insurance?"
>
> *Firien to Bilziver.*

Approaching the River table, Gomruss overhears one of the thugs boasting about how he beat up *Nickelfoot*. Gomruss recognises the name from the local paper. Snicker Nickelfoot is the gnome miner campaigning for better safety measures in the *Resonant Mines* after allegedly seeing a miner fall to their death. The debt collector spots Gomruss and offers him a seat. Gomruss explains how he believes there has been a mistake. He shows the debt collector his paperwork and claims he only ordered 500 Dice Monarchs sets instead of 5000. The man from Ruby examines Gomruss' paperwork.

> "I'm afraid it's your word against theirs, darling. Either way it has nothing to do with me; I have a reputation to uphold."
>
> "Worth your life?"
>
> *Firien intimidates the debt collector.*

The debt collector has to renew his composure as Firien glares with the fury of Bahamut. An idea then forms on the corners of his lips, causing them to curl up. Gomruss, Firien and **Bantonio** agree to a game of Dice Monarchs on the condition that they play in a zone of truth. **Arti** assumes the role of bouncer while **Guy** and **Blythe** find a spot where they can spy on the thugs' hands.

> "I'll front the cash for your debt... if you can beat me in a game of Dice Monarchs. I'll even let your friends play."
>
> "You're on!"
>
> *Gomruss accepts the challenge.*

The man from Ruby takes the first pot with a high turn. It appears the debt collector has the upper hand until Firien cuts him down to size, stealing the next pot with a low flop. As they gamble, Bantonio attempts to elicit some empathy from the debt collector but receives only snide criticisms about his optimism in return. After several tense hands, only Gomruss and the debt collector remain in the game. Gomruss meets the debt collector's gaze and calls his bluff, winning the game with double 9s!

Gracious in defeat, the debt collector offers some advice. He taps Gomruss' paperwork and highlights the section which states Gomruss 'shall receive 75% of profits gained in the sale of "Dice Monarchs" sets'. Is it possible that *River Chapman* renamed the game to avoid sending Gomruss the profits? Smoke rises from Gomruss' lips as he begins to quake in fury!

### Sun District

Gomruss races back to *Saint Lydia's Way* with new evidence and once again seeks the legal advice of *Kahkir*. According to the aarakocra, if Gomruss' theory is correct then he would indeed have grounds to sue River Chapman. However, he would need more than circumstantial evidence. Perhaps testimony from fellow exploited patrons or a record of *Resin Curios Inc.* accounts. Furthermore, he would need the funds to hire a lawyer.

Meanwhile, Blythe solicits the company of Constable Denover to question something she heard him utter back at *Little Nox*. Firien suggests that the constable might need allies if the *Inquisition* is involved. Denover relents and takes the pair to a private room.

> "My proposal to install an undercover agent in the Crosscut Circle was rejected by the Inquisition."
>
> "Oh yes! I read about that in your notebook."
>
> *Denover to Blythe.*

Denover can think of only one reason why his operation might have been shut down; the Inquisition must already have an undercover agent in the *Crosscut Circle*. Blythe and Firien share a wide-eyed glance. Should they tell Constable Denover what they have discovered about *Camren* and *Naal*?
