---
layout: post
title: Session 24 Brushing Up
---

> "Agnes!?"
>
> "That better be a pistol in your pocket, Manfred."
>
> *Agnes releases Guy.*

Before **Guy** can explain himself, *Agnes Briar-Colton* lifts the kitchen rug and throws him into the cellar. A guard knocks on the door. Heavy boots rattle the hidden hatch as the guard enters to question Agnes. After a few tense moments, Guy hears the guard exit and Agnes signals the all clear. Guy climbs out of the cellar and dusts himself off. He and Agnes bicker in whispers before finally deciding to trust one another.

> "You left me!"
>
> "I had no choice in the matter, Manfred. Your parents were quite insistent."
>
> "Agnes, you were practically my mother."
>
> *Guy to Agnes.*

Guy recounts how he fled to the Manyshells, bought a catamaran, hired a crew and quickly became embroiled in pirate politics. His talents earned him the trust of Captain *Bhaldrom Anchorheart*, a grizzled dwarf to whom Guy regrettably owes his life. Anchorheart tasked Guy with retrieving the triple-barrelled gemlock rifle; a heavy firearm that works underwater, Agnes notes.

Agnes reveals that she came to Ingenium to investigate the CSCA's funding of *Project Abyss*, the construction of a deep-sea submarine. According to her, the CSCA have increased fees in order to expand their fleet in the Manyshells. Agnes pinches her chin. It seems to her the pirate factions must be preparing for war with the CSCA.

The two must now consider their escape plan. First, Guy borrows some casual clothes from Agnes' wardrobe and stuffs his oversized hat into his bag of holding. Realising his bag may be searched, Guy borrows Agnes' sewing kit to create a false compartment, concealing the rifle. Agnes questions Guy's plan to rendezvous with the *Six of Steel* at the *House of Sune*.

> "Do you trust them?"
>
> "Yes... dammit I do."
>
> *Agnes to Guy.*

Arm in arm, Guy and Agnes attempt to circumnavigate Ingenium's neon night life. The pair are able to remain incognito as they slip through the unruly crowds. They spot several guards frisking citizens that match Guy's description. Exiting an alleyway, Guy freezes when he is jabbed in the back. Palming his baton, the guard claims that Guy matches the description of a horse thief and demands the pirate hand over his bag. The guard mocks Guy when all he finds is the sewing kit in the false compartment. Much to Agnes' exasperation, Guy's hackles rise.

> "I'll be having words with your manager! You, sir, are not a credit to your profession."
>
> *Guy chastises the bigoted guard.*

### House of Sune

**Firien**, **Gomruss** and **Arti** are the first to arrive. They are greeted by *Seramia*, the scantily clad proprietor of the *House of Sune*. After booking three luxury bedrooms for the party, the elegant elf escorts Firien and Gomruss to the prayer room. Exhausted from the day's events, Firien's silent prayer quickly becomes a daydream. A vision of their friends morphs into an image of the Miasma, parted by a curious stone pillar atop a grassy knoll. The pillar bears an inscription that Firien does not recognise. They are rudely awoken by Gomruss' exuberant tale of how he discovered *Tymora*. Meanwhile, Arti enjoys a rejuvenating grease and polish in the workshop.

**Blythe** and **Bantonio** arrive soon after, having learned of an exclusive tour scheduled for tomorrow morning at Project Abyss. Blythe dashes off to her room to create a new disguise while Bantonio takes advantage of the House of Sune's many luxuries. Lounging in the hot tub, Bantonio comes face-to-chest with an erudite goliath. Intricate tattoos accentuate his bulbous head and muscles. Turning on the charm, Bantonio learns the goliath's name is *Loronath*, the lead designer for Project Abyss. Apparently enamoured by the handsome human's enthusiasm, Loronath invites Bantonio and his friends to the tour.

Meanwhile, Gomruss privately disrobes in his bedroom after struggling to connect with Tymora. Admiring himself in the mirror, he jumps out of his scales when his reflection blows a raspberry at him! Dumbfounded, Gomruss bellows a thousand questions. His reflection tries to answer but Gomruss cannot hear it. Instead, the two play a game of charades. The dragonborn in the mirror jumps for joy when Gomruss finally catches on. Overexcited, Gomruss thunders downstairs to share the news with his friends. Guy and Agnes enter to discover Gomruss charging through the foyer, stark naked.

> "Firien! River Chapman has Tymora's emissary imprisoned in the plane of mirrors!"
>
> "Good lord, what have I gotten myself into?"
>
> *Gomruss exasperates Agnes.*

---

### **Next: [Session 25](session-25)**
### **Previous: [Session 23](session-23)**
