---
layout: post
title: Session 33 Into Darkness—Part 2
---

**Firien** knocks on the door to *Kudi*'s room and greets their youngest brother with a hug. Kudi's surprise quickly becomes concern when Firien reveals the purpose of the expedition. Kudi squeezes his sibling's hand tight. To cheer him up, Firien introduces Kudi to the *Six of Steel*. **Bantonio** takes an interest in the young dragonborn's studies. Inspired by his interest in magic and mathematics, Kudi dreams of becoming a lapidurge able to manipulate light with gemstones. Before *Bixi* and *Lorento* return to work, Firien drags *Spiro* to the *Sugartooth Bakery* for a Sol Orbis family photograph. Bixi places it on her wall of fame.

While **Guy** returns to the *Verity* to check the inventory, Bantonio joins Firien at the local archaeology guild. While he engrosses himself in the displays, Firien seeks out *Zaen*, their younger brother. The dragonborn apprentice brushes an ancient vase under the guidance of his master, *Elder Tallwalker*. Listening to Firien's explanation, Zaen fails to conceal his growing dread and leaps into his sibling's arms. Meanwhile, **Gomruss** visits *Opey's Oddities*, a staple of *Madanau*'s community. The proprietor, an elderly kobold, offers Gomruss two whetstones enchanted with fire and ice which he gifts to Bantonio.

**Arti** accompanies Firien to the community centre where a priest of *Bahamut* offers the pair a chance to commune with the platinum dragon. Arti's eyes widen. Perhaps this was a chance to learn more about *Ten*'s warning! Worried that Arti's paranoia might overwhelm him, Firien convinces him to refuse the priest's offer. Instead, the dragonborn guides Arti through a traditional meditation. Meanwhile, Spiro returns to the Verity and starts barking orders. Captain Brush throws a mop at the Grand Paladin, expecting him to lead by example.

At the docks, *Aura*, *Sana*, Bixi, Lorento and *Lenna* bid a final farewell to the crew. Sensing Aura's apprehension, Firien takes a moment to reassure her and Arti embraces the Exarch in thanks. With everyone aboard, Guy gives the order to set sail.

> "Let's see what she's got! Second star to the right and straight on 'til morning."
>
> *Guy salutes the horizon.*

***The party advances to 6th level!***

### Skies West of Madanau

A shiver runs up Gomruss' tail as the Verity approaches the Miasma. He had never been this close to the border before. The sun sits low in the sky, illuminating the opaque, purple void. It undulates almost like a living ooze. The Miasma reached such dizzying heights it felt to Gomruss like the end of the world. The crew jump out of their skin as Gomruss charges towards the stern, screaming like an air raid siren. Thankfully, Arti is able to grab him before he can jump ship.

> "Remember what you told me, Gomruss. Despair is easy, hope is hard. And brother, we stay hard."
>
> *Bantonio to Gomruss.*

Gomruss finds his resolve as he watches the Miasma wash over the lantern shield. Guy calls for the crew to hold fast! Slowly but surely, the aperture closes behind the Verity, leaving the crew in darkness.

---

### **Next: [Session 34](session-34)**
### **Previous: [Session 32](session-32)**
