---
layout: post
title: Session 41 Reunion
---

### Roundhouse

Inside the ramshackle abode, **Arti** is met by *Kalyptos*, the black dragonborn who encouraged *Glimback* to leave him behind. The monster slayer is holding a white rabbit. When Arti offers a home-grown tomato, the rabbit expresses his gratitude in a surprisingly deep, eloquent voice. *Owain*, a wild magic sorcerer, explains that he is stuck in his current form owing to a year's worth of stress. Arti finds Glimback curled up in the corner, cradling his heart. He approaches and rests a hand on his father's shoulder.

> "Arti will save us, yes... the voice said Arti is coming."
>
> *Glimback speaks to Arti's heart.*

Glimback caresses Arti's metallic cheek in disbelief before wrapping his arms around his son. The elderly gnome listens intently as Arti recounts the events of the past month in record time. He gasps, realising the voice he heard must have belonged to *Ten*. Examining the magical fibres in Arti's chest, Glimback becomes hesitant to replace Arti's heart in fear of disrupting Ten's repairs. Conferring with his friends, Arti agrees to wait until the time is right.

**Firien** and **Gomruss** detect a mote of concern on Kalyptos' reptilian brow when Arti mentions the Inquisition. After some subtle interrogation, they discover that Kalyptos worships Caelum. **Bantonio** strokes his chin. The dragonborn's Mallian accent suggests that Kalyptos was reformed by Church missionaries during the war. Kalyptos is adamant they forget about the pillar and proceed home immediately to minimise further exposure to the Miasma. Without warning, Arti embraces the dragonborn.

> "I know you don't have any family back home. But this family wants to help the people of the Relief. Maybe you could be a part of that?"
>
> *Arti hugs Kalyptos.*

### Moorland Village

The *Six of Steel* exit the roundhouse quietly, intent on sneaking past the frog army, only to find them lying in wait. A thousand vacant eyes stare at the bipeds soon to become their matriarch's next meal. The queen frog, fifteen feet in diameter, emerges from the marsh and leaps onto the bridge! The rotten woodwork cracks beneath its limpid bulk. Kalyptos advances, hoping to discover the queen's weakness, and is immediately restrained by several sticky tongues! **Guy** sounds the boatswain's call, signalling the *Verity* to prepare for battle.

> "It's just a giant fucking frog!"
>
> *Kalyptos analyses the queen frog.*

Firien rushes to help Kalyptos, only to retch when the monster slayer squeezes an attacking frog like a water balloon. Realising the queen is preparing to swallow Kalyptos, Arti darts forward. Though the queen's gelatinous flesh seems resistant to Arti's bestial claws, his relentless assault opens wounds faster than it can heal them. When a trio of frogs restrain Arti, Bantonio attacks with his whip, popping several of them in a singular arcing motion. *Clara* has a brilliant idea. With a clap of her hands, her spiritual guardians appear and begin to gobble up the frogs!

Guy blasts the queen with his gemlock rifle. *Tiamo* and Gomruss follow suit, first with a ruby-red ray of fire, then a chilling ray of frost. The coin in Gomruss' pocket glows as he freezes the queen's hind leg! Gulping down the lump in their throat, Firien summons the power of the tempest to shatter the frogs restraining Arti. They burst in a perfect sequence, freeing the warforged to deliver a final blow to the queen. The party hurry across the bridge with Clara clearing the way.

### The Verity
