---
layout: post
title: Session 30 Snakes and Ladders
---

**Arti** rocks back and forth, anxious about *Ten*'s warning. **Firien** encourages Arti not to succumb to paranoia. Instead, the pair visit Crowswood's library to conduct further research. Arti can find no mention of the pillar, but does discover an article in a newspaper clipping dated 972 PO. The paper quotes a witness to the Church's first contact with *Tamlo*, an earthmote north-east of *Discidium*. The dark, bestial kingdom ignored the church's warnings and launched an expedition into the Miasma in search of resonite. The expedition did not return.

Firien tugs at their horns. What stake did *Bahamut* have in all this? Firien's talons rasp along the shelves. They find references to other Bahamut-worshipping cultures in the Relief, the most prominent being those on *Nox*. The snow-capped earthmote is overseen by a silver dragon who historically denounced the church. Firien pinches their chin. Ten's song was engraved on the pillar not only in Draconic, but in Celestial, Primordial and Sylvan too. Could other deities have intervened in the construction of these pillars?

Arti and Firien reconvene with the others. Reading Arti's paper, Firien realises that *Tamlo* launched their expedition the same year the Inquisition was founded. The stunned silence is broken by a knock at the door. **Bantonio** obliges and greets *Gloop*, the goblin plumber. Though initially confused by **Guy**'s request, Gloop gets to work installing the ship's "head". *Doom* approaches Firien excitedly. Crow scouts had discovered a basilisk on a nearby earthmote! Doom invites the *Six of Steel* to join them in capturing the beast. If they were successful, they could pay for the remainder of their supplies and track where the venom was going.

---

### **Next: [Session 31](session-31)**
### **Previous: [Session 29](session-29)**
