---
layout: post
title: Session 37 The Shielded Forest
---

Below deck, the crew lick their wounds. **Firien** visits **Bantonio** in his quarters and offers him a sandwich. The hopeless romantic had fallen from his bunk when the *Verity* pitched up suddenly. Though well rested, Bantonio admits that his faith now wavers. Firien reassures Bantonio by sharing what their faith means to them. Though angered by hindsight in light of recent events, Bantonio remains in high spirits. The two friends succeed in cheering one another up.

> "If Caelum's plan is ineffable, I can't just... eff it, you know?"
>
> "I think you could eff it."
>
> "Perhaps... if I put in the eff-ort!"
>
> *Bantonio to Firien.*

Before the night crew take their stations, **Guy** and **Arti** check the Verity's course. As Arti concentrates, a long-absent sound suddenly returns to him. He could hear his heart beating! They were on the right track. Meanwhile, **Gomruss** attempts to contact *Roshia* and inform her about his discovery. Despite concentrating intensely, he receives no reply. Though he can't help but feel he made some connection with his mentor. The mirror in his quarters remains unoccupied. It seemed even divine emissaries could not defy the stifling Miasma.

On deck, Firien approaches Spiro with a private question. However, sensing the Grand Paladin's unrest, they decide not to voice their concerns. Instead, Firien confides in Spiro, questioning *Bahamut*'s decision to make them his champion. To Firien's surprise, Spiro grips their shoulder and expresses his faith in them. With renewed confidence, Firien retires to their quarters to read a romantic novel.

> "I've been so fucking angry all day. I can feel it stoking the lightning under my skin. Someone with such destructive power should be measured; composed. I don't know if I'm capable of dispensing Bahamut's mercy as well as his justice."
>
> "Firien, Bahamut chose you for a reason. I have no doubt you are capable of mercy and wrath in equal quantity. When the time comes, you'll know which is which."
>
> *Firien to Spiro.*

## **996, Inceptum 3rd**

The *Six of Steel* are woken early by the pitter-patter of rain on deck. The night crew scramble to hoist the canopies. *Brazen* falls from the rigging, pulling down one of the canopies! Though he lands safely, the poisoned rain stains his skin. With reckless abandon, Bantonio volunteers to climb the rigging and secure the canopy. He welcomes the rain on his bare chest as he successfully fastens the loose ropes. Firien and *Stoutmann* examine Brazen and Bantonio and prescribe a potion of cure psychosis for both of them.

### The Shielded Forest

*Tuperk* crows as the Shielded Forest comes into view.

Peering through Guy's spyglass, **Blythe** identifies the source of the decaying shield. Several glowing trees form an incomplete perimeter around the forest.

---

### **Next: [Session 38](session-38)**
### **Previous: [Session 36](session-36)**
