---
layout: post
title: Session 32 Into Darkness—Part 1
---

Before exiting, **Blythe** overhears the Grand Inquisitor warn *Spiro* not to interfere with any magical artefacts they discover in the Miasma. *Tristis* leads the Grand Paladin aside to continue their conversation in private. *Sana* joins the party hoping to get a lift back to *Madanau*. She reintroduces **Firien** to *Stoutmann*, *Terrence* and *Talia*, three clerics from Madanau who helped Firien begin their journey. Stoutmann thumps Firien's shoulder, excited to be part of the *Verity*'s crew. **Bantonio** introduces himself to *Balhorn* and *Ulletar*, two Paladins of Caelum.

Walking back to *Crowswood Place*, Firien expresses concern about *Clara*'s dramatic entrance. Though she made an enemy of the Grand Inquisitor, Clara explains the Inquisition will find it difficult to cover up the expedition now that it is public knowledge. *Tabitha* walks arm in arm with **Gomruss** as he introduces her to *Roshia*, his old mentor. Tabitha swoons, admiring the sea elf's fashion sense. With some hesitation, *Cylaros* offers Blythe an ornate bracer; a gift in exchange for the magical arrow she gave him. Blythe shies away despite Bantonio's romantic gesturing.

### Crowswood Place

With *Subira* out on a mission, Bantonio and Gomruss prepare the evening's feast. Gomruss' succulent pressure-cooked beef wellington is a meat-lover's dream, while Bantonio's vegetarian stew and dumplings quell the butterflies in everyone's stomachs. After dinner, **Arti** shows Blythe a spot in the library where she might hide her investigation notes. The pair look for conspiracy theories surrounding the Miasma. Some theories suggest that the heart of *Mundi Eversor* was actually a giant resonance engine, leading to speculation that the Miasma comes from tainted resonite.

Tabitha takes Gomruss to *The Dragon's Chalice* so they might spend the night together. Tabitha tries to hide her burning cheeks when Gomruss invites her to meet his parents. He learns that many of Tabitha's previous relationships have ended on account of judgemental parents. Before retiring, Arti visits *Glimback*'s room. He caresses a portrait of his father and makes a promise to find him.

## **996, Roscidas 27th**

Firien wakes up early to meditate. The morning's heatwave feels like Bahamut's embrace as they inhale deeply. *Keijo* soon joins them, admitting his trepidation about the journey ahead. Their peace is disturbed when Spiro punches the ground, landing beside them. Firien berates the Grand Paladin for leaving a crater in Subira's garden. Fortunately, Keijo is able to repair the damage with a druidcraft cantrip. *Aura*'s landing is much more dignified. Furling her wings, she explains that she intends to accompany Sana on their way to Madanau.

> "Where is our son?"
>
> "He's just coming out—"
>
> "Ooooooooh!"
>
> "Of his bedroom."
>
> *Roolu misinterprets Firien.*

Gomruss' parents arrive to find the Verity's crew loading supplies. *Jaagins* quickly engages the Grand Paladin in conversation, promoting his magical item dealership. This allows Gomruss and Tabitha to sneak back into Crowswood Place. Sensing Spiro is growing tired of Jaagins' prattle, Firien calls him away. Spiro expresses his undying gratitude. *Roolu* grows anxious when she spots Tabitha's rainbow-coloured hair. She would have to have an important conversation with her son. Tabitha pecks Gomruss on the cheek and the *Feywild Ones* bid farewell to their friends.

Before departing, Roshia lends Gomruss her chronometer. The ornate pocket watch has two minute hands to keep track of time dilation. Gomruss wraps his arms around Roshia in thanks. He then approaches his parents who have prepared a travel bag for him, including a fresh set of robes. With a sniffle, Roolu and Jaagins squeeze their son tightly. The crew embark and **Guy** gives the order to set sail. Aura, Spiro and Sana unfurl their wings and take to the skies. They form a protective formation around the Verity, blessing the ship on its maiden voyage.

> Six of Steel: Guy, Gomruss, Firien, Arti, Blythe, Bantonio.  
> Crows: Adelaide, Lathraia, Hadley, Doom, Tuperk.  
> Clerics: Clara, Stoutmann, Terrence, Talia.  
> Paladins: Spiro, Balhorn, Ulletar.  
> Monks: Baihu, Keijo, Blue-belly, Jaytrix, Brazen.  
> Artificers: Eureka, Zephan.
>
> *The Verity's crew manifest.*

### Skies West of Fundus

The gentle breeze calls for full sail to bring the Verity up to speed. Blythe notes their westward heading in the ship's log, alongside all of Gomruss' bizarre pronunciations. She wanders the ship in search of rumours and overhears a conversation between *Jaytrix* and *Brazen*, two brightly dressed monks. Jaytrix has been supervising the restoration of Madanau's blighted oasis. She seems pessimistic. Though much of the obstruction has been removed, the oasis' portal continues to belch hellish sludge. Below deck, the Grand Paladin struggles to pitch his tent. Fortunately, Firien is kind enough to help.

Arti asks after Jaytrix's goldfinch companion, *Lemon*, whom she apparently met on Madanau. Lemon and *Addie* flit about the sleeping quarters under the watchful eye of Firien. Sensing Firien's apprehension, Gomruss recalls that when *Bahamut* takes mortal form, he is often accompanied by seven yellow songbirds—his court of seven gold dragons. The Verity flies over the earthmotes *Atada* and *Atado* as the sun sets. On deck, Bantonio gazes wistfully to the horizon where the Diamond Palace glints in the moonlight.

## **996, Roscidas 28th**

The following morning the crew are awoken by a heavy downpour. The continuing heatwave heralds the approach of a thunderstorm as the crew erect the canopies. Firien assists the monks as they redirect the winds to speed the Verity through the dark clouds. Arti and Bantonio battle with the rigging to keep their course steady. Eventually, the clouds part and a drenched, shirtless Bantonio spies Madanau on the horizon. They were only a day away from their destination!

## **996, Inceptum 1st**

Madanau's vast desert landscape comes into view as the Verity approaches. A sprawling shantytown encircles a verdant oasis. Canoes crossing the lake must avoid the shard of hellish rock that pierces its centre. Firien is relieved to see much of the rock has been chiselled away. Docking at Madanau's eastern shore, the crew are enticed by sweet scents coming from the local market. It doesn't take much to convince the Six of Steel to join Firien at the *Sugartooth Bakery*. Aura and Sana follow suit, hoping to enjoy a famous Madizos family pastry.

Firien notes the market is not as busy as usual. Many of Madanau's denizens had emigrated after their source of clean water was corrupted. Despite this, the Sugartooth Bakery still boasted a healthy queue of customers. The hungry patrons applaud as *Lorento* breathes fire into the oven and *Bixi* removes a tray of perfectly baked pastries. Bixi wraps her arms tightly around Firien and stares open-mouthed as the Exarch takes a seat alongside the Prefect in her humble establishment. Gomruss, apparently familiar with Bixi, claims she cheated against him in a game of dice monarchs. Arti grips the dragonborn's snout before he can continue.

> "Yes! Another one for the wall of fame!"
>
> *Bixi admires the Exarch.*

The Six of Steel aid Firien's parents in the kitchen. Gomruss bakes a batch of gravi-cookies while Arti works the oven. Once the queue is diminished, the party sit down to breakfast with Bixi and Lorento. Bixi panics when Firien declares their intention to join an expedition into the Miasma. Firien explains how they believe they were given Bahamut's power for this very reason. Arti quells Bixi's anxiety when he explains the thorough preparations they have made. Lorento grips Firien's shoulder, eyeing the claw-shaped hair clip that gathers Firien's reptilian dreadlocks.

> "I knew you were destined for greatness the moment you found that old hair clip."
>
> *Lorento to Firien.*

Motivated to help, Arti asks about the corruption of the oasis. He offers to enter the portal and push the hellish rock out from the other side, seeing as he can breathe underwater. Gomruss realises it would not be that simple. Once the rock is removed, the portal's connections to the elemental plane of water must be repaired individually as if stitching a wound. Lorento adds that removing the blockage would risk setting fiends loose until the portal is repaired.

---

### **Next: [Session 33](session-33)**
### **Previous: [Session 31](session-31)**
