---
layout: post
title: Session 40 Follow Your Heart
---

*Grippy* joins **Gomruss** on deck to hear the results of his resonite experiment. The revelation, coupled with Gomruss' penchant for embellishment, melts her brain. The *Ascensus* describes the Miasma escaping the sundered heart of *Mundi Eversor*—similar to Gomruss' experiment. Howvever, if resonite is simply Miasma-corrupted diamond, Eversor's heart could not have been a resonance engine as they previously theorised. A chime rings in **Arti**'s mind. He suggests that Eversor's heart could have been a diamond like his own, perhaps with *Tenebrae*'s corrupted soul inside. **Firien**, worried the warforged may become overwhelmed by paranoia, offers some calming words.

## **996, Inceptum 8th**

Eager to follow up on his new theory, Arti approaches *Spiro* to ask if he knows of any other weapons that could destroy resonite. He suggests that such a weapon would need to be blessed by a good-aligned god. Gomruss searches his book of magical artefacts while **Guy** recalls rumours of divine treasures in the Manyshells. Unfortunately, their research yields no results. Firien strokes their chin, recounting the story of *Rex Sol Orbis* and the maligned flamberge with which he conquered *Atada* and *Atado*—the *Dooming Blade*. **Bantonio** hangs his head, suddenly reminded that his home was built on a colonial foundation.

## **996, Inceptum 9th**

While Arti harvests his first crop of home-grown tomatoes, Firien checks on *Terrence* and *Brazen* in sick bay. They learn that rumours are spreading about their relationship with Spiro. Apparently, the Grand Paladin has been more cheerful since the augury. Firien shrugs, seemingly unbothered 

---

### **Next: [Session 40](session-40)**
### **Previous: [Session 38](session-38)**
