---
layout: post
title: Session 42 Breadcrumbs
---

## **996, Inceptum 11th**

The following morning, **Bantonio** invites *Owain* to participate in the monks' relaxing martial exercises. Though initially sceptical, the stressed sorcerer is soothed stretching his leporine limbs. In a surge of wild magic, Owain transforms back into a harengon! Owain shakes Bantonio's hand in thanks while **Arti** squeezes the breath from his lungs. The trio spend the morning trading theories. Owain praises Arti's intuition when he realises there should be no resonite in the Relief assuming Caelum's shield worked during the events of the Rising. Contrarily, the harengon notes that **Gomruss**' resonite staff has passed the threshold of the lantern shield numerous times without consequence.

After attempting to send an update to *Roshia*, Gomruss settles down to read his book of magical artefacts. He discovers a reference to the *Dooming Blade*. Some scholars believe the weapon of *Rex Sol Orbis* was procured by a cabal of fiends operating south of *Arx*, beyond the Miasma. A shiver runs down Gomruss' spine. Regardless, he shares the information with **Firien**. Recalling the tragedy of *Cor Sol Orbis*' ten-year battle with the disease that now bears his name, the dragonborn is inclined to believe that the Dooming Blade was aptly named. Arti's head spirals into multiple theories as further coincidences becomes apparent. Both he and his mother succumbed to Cor's disease, a hereditary ailment that even Saint *Lydia Iremia* could not cure.

## **996, Inceptum 12th**

While saying their morning prayers, Firien greets *Stoutmann* and learns that *Terrence* has been spending much of his time in his quarters. Firien knocks on Terry's door. Despite the crew's high morale, the young cleric is obviously distressed by the claustrophobic conditions on board the *Verity*. He also admits to feeling inadequate compared to Firien, as they are the same age. Though they speak with a firm tone, Firien's logical reasoning brings comfort to their long-time friend. Meanwhile, the *Six of Steel* debate the spiritual and intellectual benefits of completing jigsaw puzzles.

## **996, Inceptum 13th**

**Guy**'s feather quivers as he directs his spyglass across the bow. A strange airship, twice the size of the Verity, lies derelict on a small, heathland earthmote. Raring to see the glorious vessel up close, Captain Brush orders *Tuperk* to approach. Much like the Verity, the ship has no primary envelope. Firien realises the ship must have propelled itself by magical means. Gomruss spots the name of the ship embossed on the hull in a curious circular script. It was tir'su, the writing system of the Gith language.

---

### **Next: [Session 43](session-43)**
### **Previous: [Session 41](session-41)**
