---
layout: post
title: Session 27 Did You Order an Earthmote?
---

*Loronath* thanks the *Six of Steel* for their help and offers **Guy** his sending sigil so they might further discuss plans for the submarine. Guy bids a fond farewell to *Agnes* who intends to continue her investigation in the Manyshells. The pair share a hug. **Arti** takes notes on how to build a successful parental relationship. With guards still on the lookout for Guy, he suggests they take a private overnight cable car to *Caelum's Landing*. While they wait, Arti wishes to visit a bookshop.

### Brimstones Bookshop

A central spiral staircase leads to thirty storeys of books in the palatial *Brimstones Bookshop*. **Gomruss**' eyes glow with excitement as he types a query into a nearby terminal. Several books on graviturgy are highlighted by dancing lights and he rushes off to examine them. Arti begins his research by entering a query into the terminal. A mechanical crane delivers two books: a songbook with the complete lyrics to Saint Lydia's song, and a novel dramatising the life of *Lydia Iremia*, the patron saint of healers. **Bantonio** wipes away a tear as the pair read together.

Arti struggles to find any reference to his dream visitor and decides to extend his research to blood hunter rituals. He finds a curious example of how an earth genasi changed colour after taking the Ghostslayer's ritual. Meanwhile, Bantonio discovers a reference to *Anfarwol*, the immortal elf-king of *Anfang*, in the first volume of *Knowen and Witana's Encyclopedia*. The source claims that Anfarwol was actually an eladrin who arrived on Fio more than a millennium before the Rising. An artist's impression of Anfarwol's four seasonal forms brings a little heat to Bantonio's cheeks.

**Firien**'s talons wander the shelves in search of survival techniques. Though there are no books detailing what they might encounter in the Miasma, Firien feels they can apply what they find in a popular adventurer's survival guide. Guy decides to brush up on his sailing techniques in preparation for the expedition. Troubled by the abundance of dwarf villains they've encountered, **Blythe** decides to purchase two books on the Dwarvish language.

Gomruss' eyes grow wide when he discovers a curious reference in book about magical artefacts. An ancient thief king of *Arx* once collected powerful magical staves. Among them were a graviturgy staff that could move heavy objects, and a rod that could temporarily imprison a creature within the Plane of Mirrors. Unfortunately, the thief king's castle remains lost, buried beneath Arx's shifting sands. Gomruss scrambles to find Firien and tell them the good news! He finds Firien in the adult section, causing his scales to quiver. Firien has no such shame and they swagger off to purchase their smut from *Midaluna*, the proprietor.
Now alone, Gomruss discreetly looks for the sequel to the merfolk romance novel he took from *Westpoint Lighthouse*.

With all expenses paid, the Six of Steel exit the bookshop and catch the overnight cable car. While the others take a short rest on their bunks, Blythe buries her nose in her books. Curiously, a business card falls from the pages. It reads "Find us." She stuffs it in her pocket for examination later. By the time the car reaches Caelum's Landing, Blythe knows Dwarvish by heart. Firien decides to walk back to the *Oratory* while the others pay extortionate night rates for a taxi to *Crowswood Place*.

## **996, Roscidas 22nd**

### The Oratory

*Lenna Madizos* wraps her arms tightly around her younger sibling, almost striking Firien with her heart-shaped horns. The two share breakfast in the barracks. Firien recounts what they discovered on *Ingenium*. The CSCA's demand to weaponise the submarine and *Anchorheart*'s desire for resonance weaponry likely meant war was coming to the Manyshells. Lenna screams briefly into her vestments.

> "Fuck! I mean... blast! So that's why I was recalled from the Manyshells. I guess that trumps my theory."
>
> "Wait, what was your theory?"
>
> *Lenna to Firien.*

Lenna explains that she too has been investigating. She discovered that the Church is secretly looking for sources of basilisk venom. Basilisk venom was a potion ingredient used to reverse the effects of petrification. Firien pinches their chin. They recall that during the *Medusae Wars*, the queen of *Mallia*'s blessed warriors had the power to petrify their victims. Perhaps Mallia was preparing to defend its borders, prompting the Church to act in kind.

### Crowswood Place
