---
layout: post
title: Session 13 An Audience with the Exarch
---

### Crowswood Place

The *Six of Steel* return to *Crowswood Place* with bellies full and trophies in hand. *Clara* and *Corvus* congratulate the party while *Adelaide* beckons **Arti** to her office. She requests Arti help proofread her blood magic proposal and deliver it to the Exarch upon completion. **Firien** asks Clara if she is ready to see *Aura*. When the young *Sol Orbis* nods, **Bantonio** hurriedly puts on his best attire. **Guy** invites himself along, intent on seeing *Ingenium* from atop the *Oratory*'s spire. **Blythe** too claims to have business at the Oratory and **Gomruss**, despite nursing a roiling stomach, decides to join them. The party bid Arti farewell and head for the Oratory with Clara in tow.

### The Oratory

Arriving in the early evening, the party are greeted by Dean *Vance*, Firien's assigned tutor. Firien explains they are here to see Aura and—upon spying Clara amongst them—the Dean exits to the private chambers to summon the Exarch. Blythe separates from the group to study her notes while Guy makes for the staircase. Guy reaches the balcony atop the spire and extends his telescope to observe the earthmote *Ingenium* from afar. Even from this distance Guy can see the bright orange glow of Ingenium's grand forges. Enormous chimneys vent opaque plumes of steam at the centre of the sprawling brass metropolis; perhaps this was his ticket in, unseen.

Downstairs, Aura's boots echo against the marble floor tiles; she sports the majestic white armour of a paladin. The halo on her forehead contrasts with her warm-tinted brown skin and her long afro-textured hair is gathered in golden bands. She sets her solid white eyes on Firien, who explains they are here to support Clara. Clara emerges from behind Firien somewhat gingerly. With some words of inspiration from Bantonio, Clara finds the courage to tell Aura she no longer wants to be Prefect of Tenebrae's Refuge.

> "Why didn't you tell me?"
>
> "Because duty was always so important to you... and because I didn't know any better a year ago. There are people who deserve the job way more than I do—people who are respected not for their blood but for their character."
>
> "Would it not be better for the people to see a Sol Orbis living life freely, than to watch another run off, never to be seen again?"
>
> *Aura to Clara. Firien touches a nerve.*

Aura seems to shrink at the mention of *Vespera Sol Orbis*. Blythe's ear's prick up, recognising the name from *Naal*'s letter. Firien steps forward. They suggest that freeing Clara of her responsibilities would not only be the right choice morally, but it would also help to improve public opinion of the Church, notorious for its nepotism. Aura asks the party for their opinion of the Church. Bantonio summons the courage to step forward and declare his faith in Caelum.

> "I didn't even know there were other gods until I arrived on Caelum's Landing!"
>
> "This is troubling. It is important to me that the people of the Relief are free to worship whomever they wish."
>
> "I don't get it, myself."
>
> *Bantonio to Aura. Gomruss is confused by religion.*

Gomruss shows the Exarch his lucky coin, bestowed unto him by Tymora. Though appreciative of the dragonborn's sentiment, Aura warns Gomruss that Tymora is a known trickster. Bantonio explains how his faith was challenged but ultimately renewed when he discovered the existence of the *Inquisition*, the Church's secret police. He spies Aura glancing to a tapestry of Caelum's many conquests on the far wall. Sensing the Exarch is troubled, Bantonio boldly asks Aura if her faith has ever faltered.

> "When I was young I began to question my father's expansionist practices. I can only assume it was his interpretation of Caelum's teachings that led him down such a dark path. I can only hope my example will help lead my family and future generations down the path of light."
>
> *Aura confides in Bantonio.*

Aura agrees to release Clara from her responsibilities as Prefect, stating that she does so not for public approval but because it's what's best for Clara. The young Sol Orbis wraps her arms around the Exarch and squeezes! Aura returns the hug with a smile and Bantonio begins a round of applause. Guy returns just in time to join in. While Clara thanks Firien with a hug, Bantonio requests a blessing from the Exarch. Aura is happy to oblige and gently draws a circle on the Bantonio's forehead with her thumb.

***Bantonio gains the effect of Bless until the end of the day.***

Aura retires to her chambers, leaving the party alone in the main hall. Bantonio retreats to the latrine to hide his sobbing, only to hear Gomruss evacuating his bowels in the next cubicle. Blythe approaches Guy with a proposal; she needs his thieving skills. The pair are able to find the Grand Herald's office in the private chambers. Blythe puts her ear to the door while Guy struggles to pick the lock. Hearing snoring coming from inside, Blythe taps Guy's shoulder. It seems the door was already unlocked. Embarrassed, Guy eases the door open.

The rotund robed figure of *Patrocinor Mors* sits asleep behind his desk. Much of his face is hidden by his voluminous grey hair and beard. Blythe searches the room and arrives at the Grand Herald's desk which houses a locked drawer. Guy is able to pick the lock without waking Mors. Amongst the books and papers, he discovers an unsealed letter from *Tristis Veritas*, the Grand Inquisitor. The letter contains orders from Veritas to dismiss in disgrace *Naal Berevan* from the Church with immediate effect. Blythe deduces that the Inquisition may have recruited Naal for a secret mission.

While Blythe copies the letter, Guy examines the pair of ornate spectacles on Mors' head. Undeterred by his partner in crime, Guy plucks the spectacles from Mors' wiry hair. The Grand Herald stirs but does not wake up. Their mission successful, Blythe replaces the letter and the pair leave undiscovered.

##### 996, Roscidas 18th

### The Dragon's Chalice

The next morning, the party enjoy breakfast in *The Dragon's Chalice*. Guy has awoken with a splitting headache owing to the consecrated wine he drank at the Oratory. Gomruss considers how he might deal with the debt collectors tomorrow at *The Hearty Tankard*. Unable to recall spending ***500 gold***, he confides in Firien and the pair try to deduce where the debt collector is from. His accent and attire lead the pair to believe he is from the *Duchy of Ruby*. Firien sees Guy's face turn white. After some persuasion, Guy reveals that the debt collector may be working for the *Combe Shipping and Courier Agency*.

### The Wind District

On their way to the *Dawnroot Forest* to meet with Blythe's friend, the party pass through the Wind District intent on spending some of their hard-earned gold. Blythe and Bantonio enter *Nock Thrice* and meet the half-elf bowyer *Jendove Fletcher*. Blythe purchases a new compound bow for ***60 gold***, trading in her old longbow for **20 gold**. The pair also purchase several magical arrows for **5 silver** each. Meanwhile, Gomruss enters the caravan of his old friend *Majdi*, a bald, heavyset wood elf trader from Arx. The two discuss Gomruss' idea for a new spell.
