---
layout: post
title: Session 23 A Brush with the Law
---

*Eureka* embraces **Arti** before the *Six of Steel* take their leave. Keen to investigate the submarine, **Blythe** consults **Guy**, the designated navigator. Guy plots a route via the *Ingenium Inventors Association* so he might surreptitiously scout the factory where the triple-barrelled gemlock rifle is stored. Peering through his spyglass from the cable car window, Guy spies a lengthy queue at the entrance to the IIA warehouse. **Firien** suggests the party visit the exhibition as they want to purchase new cooking gadgets for their family bakery. Guy agrees without a second thought; this was the excuse he needed.

### Ingenium Inventors Association

The Six of Steel each receive a stamp and are allowed to enter. At first, Firien is overwhelmed by the crowd but they quickly find the cooking aisle. Sensing subterfuge from the self-proclaimed pirate, Arti tries to follow Guy but he disappears into the crowd. Blythe approaches a monocled human demonstrating a portable spyglass. His excitement grows when she takes interest in the *Magnus 3000*, a hefty magnifying glass with a built-in head-up display. Meanwhile, **Gomruss** makes conversation with a goliath wizard and purchases a convenient belt holster for his spellbook. On the lookout for gadgets that could help the Crows, Arti finds the pet aisle. He commissions the creation of a gyro-stabilised bird cage with an automated feeder for *Addie*.

Removing his hat to blend in with a crowd of investors, Guy watches *Brogar Stonehelm*'s demonstration of his prototype rifle. Stonehelm places the rifle in a glass case and activates an arcane lock once the demonstration is over. Guy strokes his chin. Perhaps **Bantonio**'s resonite pendant could dispel the lock? He finds the hopeless romantic cooing over a mechanical horse. A groom from Diamante demonstrates the brass beauty's unique features: 60 litres of cargo space, beginner and advanced rider modes, and folding legs for convenient storage.

When Bantonio returns from his test ride, Guy seizes the opportunity to pickpocket his pendant and whip. While the groom is distracted, Guy climbs into the horse's storage compartment, unnoticed. The party gathers to share what they have purchased. Firien's bag of holding is now laden with cookware. Arti and Gomruss decide to accompany Firien to the job centre where they might find *Snicker Nickelfoot*. Blythe requests Bantonio's help investigating the submarine. Before they leave, Guy opens a flap in the horse's stomach to whisper his plan to Blythe.

> "Psst. Psst, Blythe. It's me, Guy. I'm in the horse."
>
> "Why are you in the horse?"
>
> "It's clop secret."
>
> *Guy to Blythe.*

### Job Centre

Weary from the cable car ride, Gomruss bellows Snicker's name to save time. Dismissing the disgruntled glares, Gomruss spots the deep gnome speaking with a well-dressed drow. The two shake hands before the drow leaves. Firien asks Snicker for his version of events. Snicker is reluctant at first, quoting the many thugs and journalists that have already approached him. He opens up when Firien explains they are not with the Church, they are conducting their own investigation.

> "I've been beaten up so many times I don't know what I saw any more. I didn't know the guy, he was a dwarf with a big round beard. He didn't even scream when he fell."
>
> *Snicker explains what he saw.*

Something chimes in Gomruss' mind. Perhaps the miner could not scream because he was an illusion? Then again, it would be difficult to cast such an illusion deep inside the *Resonant Mines*. When asked about the well-dressed drow, Snicker reveals that they offered him a job with the *Micantrum Mining Consortium*. Gomruss' eyes grow wide when he recalls his encounter with the governor of *Micantrum*, a powerful illusion wizard by the name of *Havat Eilistre*. Keen to discourage Snicker from signing up with another exploitative mining business, Firien drops a gold pouch into the deep gnome's hands and tells tales of a baker's life on *Madanau*.

### Ingenium Inventors Association

Guy holds his breath as the deactivated horse is wheeled into storage and locked away. Confident the staff have clocked off for the night, Guy clambers out of the horse and cracks his aching neck. He immediately begins stacking boxes to reach the air vent above him. Crawling through a narrow brass pipe, Guy's steps reverberate around him. Fortunately, he is able to find a window in the guards' patrol and remain undetected. Arriving at a vent overlooking the glass case, Guy equips the zip-wheel he took from the zip-pirates and begins his descent.

Dangling directly above the glass case, Guy gently touches the glass with Bantonio's pendant. The arcane lock cracks, setting off an alarm! Bright lights illuminate the warehouse floor. Thinking fast, Guy zips upward, back through the vent. A shot from his pistol shatters the glass case, allowing him to snag the rifle with startling whip-mastery. The guards arrive just in time to see a masked thief disappear into the vent. Guy scrambles back down the pipe and the guards chase his clamorous steps. As the guards fumble with their keys, Guy has just enough time to activate and mount the mechanical horse.

The storage door swings open and the guards dive for cover as Guy gallops onto the warehouse floor! Heart racing, Guy does not see the nearest guard pull out a remote control. The horse freezes mid-gallop and Guy is thrown off its back! Fortunately, he lands with an elegant forward roll, simultaneously equipping his pistol and hand cannon. The incendiary blast from his hand cannon is enough to disorient the guards as he makes for the exit. He shoots the window with his pistol and dashes into the night.

Bystanders gasp as Guy leaps up to hook his zip-wheel on a nearby cable. A crowd gathers outside the warehouse as Guy speeds into the city. Sirens approach. Guy looks around. A cable car ahead slams on its brakes! Too late. Guy leaps off the cable and expertly snags an out-jutting pipe with his whip. He swings clumsily into the wall. Winded, he begins to climb. The sirens become louder. Suddenly, Guy is blinded by two spotlights. Two brass drones train their stunning batons on the masked thief.

Summoning his remaining strength, Guy leaps once more onto the cable, narrowly avoiding the drones' propellers. The drones give chase as Guy zips through a grand apartment complex. He swings to avoid the drone's stunning baton before jamming its propeller with his rapier. The second drone lands a hit. Guy's body convulses for a moment before becoming limp. He falls twenty feet, injuring his leg. The drone's spotlight loses sight of him. Guard cars approach with sirens wailing. Clambering to his feet, Guy limps into a nearby alley and picks the lock of a hidden door. He stumbles inside, locking the door behind him.

Guy holds his breath as he listens to the guards march outside the door. Finally, as sound of thundering boots wanes, Guy exhales. Then a hand covers his mouth! His legs tangle with his assailant's and he topples over. The dagger at his throat belongs to a familiar face.

> "Manfred!?"
>
> *The assailant recognises Guy.*

***Guy's exhaustion level increases by 2.***

---

### **Next: [Session 24](session-24)**
### **Previous: [Session 22](session-22)**
