---
layout: post
title: Session 15 The Minister and the Murderer—Part 1
---

While the *Six of Steel* take lunch, **Firien** discusses with *Hlynur* the druids' progress restoring the oasis on their home earthmote of *Madanau*. According to the Archdruid, though the portal has been stabilised, its connection to the elemental plane of water will occasionally falter, causing it to belch hellish sludge. The druids continue to research the phenomenon using *Pen Fynnon*'s own portal as an example. Hlynur the offers the Six of Steel use of Pen Fynnon's teleportation circle so they might complete their errands promptly. While *Falvalor* offers a farewell to **Blythe**, **Bantonio** coos over the goldfinch that has begun to make a nest in **Arti**'s alcove. Arti names their new friend *Addie*.

### Sun District

The party step onto the teleportation circle and find themselves outside the gates of *Caelum's Landing University*, a short walk from the *Sun District*. The party's first errand is to leave an anonymous tip at the *Inland Guard* barracks on *Saint Lydia's Way*. Blythe is able to slip a note to the receptionist without being noticed. When the receptionist reads the note warning of *Silas Beckonhand*'s guilt, she rushes to *Denover*'s office. Next, the party visit the *Bounty Hunters Lodge* and employ *Gerti* to send a 25-word message to *Cade*.

> "Cade, the Six of Steel want you to meet them on Little Nox ASAP—that's one word, right? Aww crap! Erm... it's about Silas. Okay bye."
>
> "Huh? Who's that? Oh, it's a sending! Erm... heading to Tenebrae's Refuge to fight ghosts, can meet up straight after. How many words is that? Does it count-"
>
> *Gerti to Cade.*

Blythe hands a magical arrow to Gerti along with a note for *Cylaros*. Gerti stores the gift behind the desk to post later. Meanwhile, Arti spots that the Six of Steel have been added to the hunters leader board. While they are ranked last, the *Feywild Ones* currently rank seventh.

Finally, the party visit *Crowswood Place* and receive *Clara*'s letter for *Laucian Alendis*, the newly appointed Prefect of *Tenebrae's Refuge*. With their tour complete, the party return to CLU and pay for passage to Tenebrae's Refuge. The volunteer conducting the teleportation ritual warns of ghosts in the mines. The party assume the Feywild Ones have the situation in hand and step onto the runic circle.

### Haunted Mine

Swept momentarily into the *Ethereal Plane*, Bantonio watches as each of his friends are snatched from his view. He finds himself alone in a dark cavern. The glowing teleportation circle at his feet flickers purple as if disrupted. He ignites a torch and calls for his friends. Following a hint of sunlight, Bantonio discovers that the exit has been barricaded, indicating the mine has been evacuated. Bantonio plants his torch and draws an arrow in the dirt so as not to lose his way. As he does, he spies footprints that allude to an urgent escape.

Meanwhile, **Gomruss** materialises in a separate chamber. The only illumination comes from a purple crystalline ore in the walls. Momentarily panicked, Gomruss does not recognise the ore until he feels it disrupting his magical abilities. Resonite! Realising he might refine the ore to create a resonance gem, he breaks off a shard and pockets it. Entering the next chamber, Gomruss comes across a ball of light. It approaches. The dragonborn feels an intense dread as the light morphs into a familiar draconic figure.

> "I'm very disappointed in you, Gomruss."
>
> "FAAAAATHEEEEER!?"
>
> *Jaagins to Gomruss.*

Gomruss' voice echoes throughout the mine, alerting the rest of the party to the danger—will-o'-wisps. Firien hurriedly ascends to the central chamber but is waylaid by an unwelcome illusion.

> "I'm sorry, Yrevi. But I don't need you any more. You, mum, dad... you're just holding me back."
>
> *Firien is enraged by the illusion.*

Angered by the sight of their wayward sibling, Firien unleashes a thunderwave, blasting the wisp out of their way and quaking the mine. **Guy**, Arti and Blythe stumble into the central chamber. Three wisps block their path to the teleportation circle and the exit beyond. Blythe shoots a fire bolt at the nearest wisp but it seems to only anger the ball of light as it morphs into a feminine figure.

> "I can't believe you would disobey me! You're staying in the bunker until you have learned your lesson."
>
> *Blythe quells her claustrophobia.*

Arti marches forward and swings their lantern flail at the second wisp. Though the ball of light evades their attack, the lantern's magical radiance seems to scorch it. The wisp screeches and morphs into a diminutive wounded figure, wreaking Arti with guilt.

> "Why did you abandon us, Arti? You failed us!"
>
> *Glimback to Arti.*

Realising the party is outnumbered, Guy makes a break for the teleportation circle. Able to outmanoeuvre the pursuing wisp, he sees Bantonio beckoning him to the exit! When the pirate turns to call for his friends, he is met with the admonishing eyes of his distant sweetheart.

> "I knew it. You're nothing but a filthy pirate; you're not even that! You're a nobody!"
>
> *Elyse to Guy.*

Gomruss and Firien charge into the central chamber with wisps hot on their tails. Talons of lightning attempt to grasp Gomruss but are seemingly repelled by the shard of resonite in his pocket! Bantonio spots his friends in the dim light and looses a sanctified arrow. Though the wisp avoids Bantonio's attack, it is once again scorched by the arrow's radiance. A royal imposter then sneaks up behind the oblivious man from Diamante.

> "It would have been easier if you had stayed dead!"
>
> "That it your first mistake, my friend. She is much more beautiful in person."
>
> "ENOUGH!"
>
> *Bantonio rebukes the illusion. Firien turns undead.*

Roaring like the Six of Steel have never heard before, Firien grasps their claw-shaped hair clip and unleashes a wave of holy energy, overwhelming the wisps! They screech in pain and every last one of them retreats into the darkness. The party dash for the exit.

### Tenebrae's Refuge

The afternoon sun momentarily blinds the party as they exit the mine. A crowd of spooked miners is being obstructed by a line of guards, among them *Rosalind Armbruster*, Chief Constable of the *Inland Guard*. The Six of Steel are approached by Laucian and the Feywild Ones. At first, Cade is annoyed that the Six of Steel arrived before them and apparently poached their bounty. Firien then explains that they arrived via the disrupted teleportation circle and that the ghosts inside are actually will-o'-wisps.

The Feywild Ones are forced to rethink their strategy and instead defer to Laucian who intends to requisition a party of Church clerics to deal with the infestation. Firien hands Clara's letter to Laucian, who reads it promptly. Taken aback by his sudden promotion, he thanks Firien and informs Blythe where she can find *Camren de Villeneuve*, the deputy minister for Tenebrae's Refuge. First, the party joins the Feywild Ones at the *Bogus Broadsword*.

### Bogus Broadsword

Bantonio orders Cade a drink to prepare him for the news. With some tactful advice from Firien, Blythe explains to Cade how she took the fake will from *Westpoint Lighthouse* and deciphered the code within. It led to a trap, while Silas secretly deciphered the real will before burning it. Silas' notes revealed the real location of *Kurt*'s inheritance—*Little Nox*. Awestricken, Cade requests the Six of Steel join him in confronting Silas.

---

### **Next: [Session 16](session-16)**
### **Previous: [Session 14](session-14)**
