---
layout: post
title: Session 47 The Voyage Home
---

## **996, Inceptum 16th**

*Glimback* taps his tankard with a spoon, hushing the crew of the *Verity*. Raising his drink, he thanks **Arti** and the *Six of Steel* for their daring rescue. With a hiccup, he topples into his chair and forgets the rest of his speech. Regardless, the crew salute the Six of Steel with a cheer! **Firien** observes *Terrence* discussing his future plans with *Stoutmann*. The pair seem in high spirits as *Balhorn* plays his lute.

*Keijo* approaches **Arti**, curious about their new form. According to *Ten*, the magical fibres in Arti's chest came from the seeds of a telomere tree. *Baihu* tells tales of druid circles in ancient *Montanum* that revered these rare trees for their healing ability. Their seeds could restore lost limbs or even create new bodies for lost souls. Meanwhile, *Spiro* invites a slightly tipsy Firien on deck to watch the sun set below a new iridescent horizon.

> "Do you ever say anything that isn't profoundly wise? What do you even do for fun?"
>
> "Honestly? I enjoy tending the farms back home. It gives you a real sense of community."
>
> "Maybe I could join you one day?"
>
> *Spiro to Firien.*

## **996, Inceptum 17th**

While Firien nurses a hangover, *Tiamo* approaches **Bantonio** to ask after his recognisable *Diamante* fighting style. With friends beside him, Bantonio recounts the tale of his exile. Showing great fortitude in his knightly training, Bantonio was soon recruited by the *Diamond Guard*, Queen *Carina*'s personal guard. Having befriended the queen in a moment of need, Bantonio grew close to Carina. One night, lamenting her arranged marriage to *Rafael de Florencia*, Carina brought Bantonio to her chambers where the two became intimate.

After several illicit liaisons, Rafael discovered the pair together and challenged Bantonio to a duel. The queen's consort turned a pistol on the hopeless romantic, grievously injuring him before their swords even crossed. Bantonio fell from the top of the *Diamond Palace* and blacked out before inevitably hitting the ground. When next he woke, a passer-by had taken pity on him and healed his wounds. Unable to return to his family, Bantonio made for *Caelum's Landing* with a new identity.

## **996, Inceptum 18th**

Firien brings a plate of food to *Kalyptos*' quarters. They question the inquisitor in placid tones, sympathetic to his plight. Despite accepting that *Tristis* lied about the pillar, Kalyptos posits that maintaining controlled peace is preferable to the chaos that will ensue once the pillar's secret is revealed. Arti places their hand on Kalyptos' shoulder and declares that he will always be a part of their family.

> "A church built on a foundation of lies cannot be allowed to stand. I'm not saying it'll be easy, but it will be worth it."
>
> "When the Church falls and your new perfect world descends into anarchy... then you come back to me."
>
> *Firien to Kalyptos.*

While Bantonio prepares several prosthetic unicorn horns, **Gomruss** considers a question Arti once put to him. Why was the worship of *Lathander* not more prevalent in the *Relief*? After all, *Caelum* was once Grand Paladin of Lathander's church. Looking out to the horizon, he snaps his fingers.

> "Of course! You can't worship the Morninglord if there's no horizon."
>
> *Gomruss.*

All eyes turn to Gomruss in stunned silence. Firien's eyes grow wide. Was the Miasma created to suppress worship of other deities? Was this the work that Caelum spoke of in Bantonio's vision?

## **996, Inceptum 19th**

### Shielded Forest

The Verity moors alongside the Shielded Forest, now a thriving verdant paradise. A blessing of unicorns await the Six of Steel as they escort the settlers down the gangplank. The unicorns bow in unison and offer their thanks for purifying their home. Firien nudges one of the settlers. The representative steps forward to apologise. He explains how a desperate act of survival became a morose routine and now they wish to make amends. With the unicorns' permission, the settlers approach, each with a stolen horn to offer. One by one the unicorns bow their heads and with a glint of magic their horns are restored. Bantonio gleefully helps adorn a unicorn with one of his prosthetic horns. He receives a grateful nuzzle in reply.

Firien steps forward with *Sporg* at their side. They explain how the corvum doctor powdered several unicorn horns to use as medicine. Though the settlers were spared from Miasma psychosis, the medicine made them very ill. After some deliberation, the unicorns agree to accommodate the settlers, though healing them will take time. Together they will forge a new settlement, the first in this new region of Fio.

---

### **Next: [Session 48](session-48)**
### **Previous: [Session 46](session-46)**
