---
layout: post
title: Session 28 Skyfaring for Beginners
---

**Arti** hears the commotion outside. Before attending **Guy**'s impromptu lecture on sailing, Arti confesses to *Hadley* and *Adelaide* that he knows about Arthur. Hadley launches herself at Arti, pulling him and Adelaide into a group hug. Adelaide wipes away a tear when Arti lists the childhood activities he wants to catch up on. After gathering some personal effects from *Glimback*'s room, the trio head outside to help prepare the earthmote.

**Blythe** meets **Bantonio** and **Gomruss** in the hall. Curious about the card Blythe holds, Bantonio catches the scent of vinegar. Having written many secret messages to his paramour, he suggests warming the card with a candle. Sure enough, a Dwarvish cipher is revealed on the back of the card. Blythe sets to work; perhaps 'Find us' had a secret meaning. To her dismay, the deciphered words are gibberish, until Gomruss reads them aloud. The language was Primordial! It reads 'Burn it'. Bantonio brings the candle to the card. The card burns with a purple flame, releasing a plume of sparkling smoke. Gomruss inhales the smoke and a wave of euphoria briefly overwhelms him.

Staggering outside, Gomruss employs **Firien** to check his health. Firien finds the clamorous wizard's eyes have dilated, and a familiar but unpleasant scent lingers on his clothes. Having helped rehabilitate several addicts as part of their Church duties, Firien recognises the symptoms associated with *joose*, a recreational drug famously legal in *Micantrum*. Blythe pinches her chin. She was inclined to dismiss this as a dealer's free sample. But why would a dealer create a cipher? If it was meant for her, why place it in a Dwarvish language book? It seemed the answers were on Micantrum.

*Tuperk* defers to Guy's expertise and assembles his engineers to install the sails on the earthmote. The Crows heave the mast upright with a little help from Gomruss' graviturgy. Guy marvels as the mainsail is hoisted aloft. It billows majestically in the wind. The earthmote is starting to look like a ship! Sensing the Crows are frustrated with Guy's leadership, *Doom* squeezes the pirate's shoulder. The Crows give a cheer when they hear Guy's catchphrase! Meanwhile, Arti and Firien prepare a list of supplies they will need for the expedition.

> "You know, give them a little encouragement. And maybe tone down the dorky shit a little."
>
> "Dorky shit!? Very well... you're all credits to your professions!"
>
> *Doom to Guy.*

### Sun District

Arti, Bantonio, Firien and Blythe pair off to shop for supplies in the *Sun District*. Estimating a journey no longer than a month, they must prepare food and accommodation for a crew of 25 in addition to Glimback and the six expedition survivors. With some expert haggling, the four secure substantial discounts on some wholesale items. The total comes to ***3976 gold***. Arti examines the list. Hadley could brew the potions of cure psychosis they needed, and Tuperk had some surplus pteranodon leather for repairs. All that remained was to wait for *Roshia* to deliver the Arxian glass lanterns.

| Item                                                             | Quantity | Unit Price  | Discount  | Total           |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ----------- | --------- | --------------- |
| **Food and drink (1 month supply)**                              |          |             |           |                 |
| Non-perishable provisions for 32 people (3 modest meals per day) | 2,688    | 0.30 gp     | 25%       | 604.80 gp       |
| Herbalism kits                                                   | 4        | 5.00 gp     |           | 20.00 gp        |
| Compost 15 lb.                                                   | 4        | 4.00 gp     |           | 16.00 gp        |
| Seeds and planters                                               | 32       | 0.20 gp     |           | 6.40 gp         |
| **Medicine and hygiene**                                         |          |             |           |                 |
| Potion of healing                                                | 32       | 50.00 gp    | 50%       | 800.00 gp       |
| Potion of flying                                                 | 16       | 80.00 gp    | 25%       | 960.00 gp       |
| Healer’s kit (10 uses)                                           | 4        | 5.00 gp     |           | 20.00 gp        |
| Fresh water 1 gal.                                               | 64       | 0.20 gp     |           | 12.80 gp        |
| **Accommodation (modest)**                                       |          |             |           |                 |
| Canvas hammocks and tents                                        | 32       | 0.50 gp     |           | 16.00 gp        |
| Chest of cooling 64 cu ft.                                       | 1        | 150.00 gp   |           | 150.00 gp       |
| Brass bathtub and shower (including plumbing)                    | 1        | 180.00 gp   |           | 180.00 gp       |
| Timber outhouse (including plumbing)                             | 1        | 60.00 gp    |           | 60.00 gp        |
| **Materials**                                                    |          |             |           |                 |
| Timber 100 lb.                                                   | 40       | 1.00 gp     |           | 40.00 gp        |
| Twine 50 ft.                                                     | 10       | 0.10 gp     |           | 1.00 gp         |
| Canvas 100 sq. ft.                                               | 30       | 0.30 gp     |           | 9.00 gp         |
| Brass piping 10 ft.                                              | 5        | 0.60 gp     |           | 3.00 gp         |
| Carpenter’s tools                                                | 2        | 8.00 gp     |           | 16.00 gp        |
| Leatherworker’s tools                                            | 2        | 5.00 gp     |           | 10.00 gp        |
| **Weapons**                                                      |          |             |           |                 |
| Cannon                                                           | 1        | 1,750.00 gp | 50%       | 875.00 gp       |
| Cannonballs                                                      | 20       | 1.00 gp     |           | 20.00 gp        |
| Ballista                                                         | 2        | 350.00 gp   |           | 700.00 gp       |
| Bolts                                                            | 80       | 0.20 gp     |           | 16.00 gp        |
|                                                                  |          |             | **Total** | **4,536.00 gp** |

### Bounty Hunters Lodge

In passing the *Bounty Hunters Lodge*, Firien is reminded of someone who might provide answers to the mining dispute. The dragonborn greets *Gerti Garnetgrinder* in the foyer. She agrees to speak with Firien in private. Immediately, she claims to have renounced her family business. Originally from *Xor*, her parents' exploitative Underdark work ethic had gained them considerable wealth in *Ruby*. Firien shares their theory and examines Gerti's reaction.

Could the fallen miner have been an illusion designed to goad *Snicker Nickelfoot* and incite a strike? Gerti, a capable wizard, could have taken the opportunity to cripple her parents' business. Fortunately, Firien senses no deception from the punkish deep gnome. Gerti claims that casting an illusion in the *Resonant Mines* would be too difficult. Instead, she suggests Snicker's odd behaviour could mean his memory was modified. Firien's eyes grow wide.

> "What are you going to do? If you find proof it was all a setup, that just means everything goes back to normal. The miners won't get the safety they need."
>
> "You're forgetting, the Church has strict rules on charming magic. If the Micantrum Mining Consortium is behind this, then the Church will have to intervene."
>
> *Gerti to Firien.*

### Saint Lydia's Way

Blythe visits the *Inland Guard* barracks to deliver an investigation update. She decides to reveal everything to Constable *Michael Denover* so that he might continue the investigation in her absence. Blythe introduces her new suspect, *Vetra Bery*, who wrote to *Camren* about the submarine. Blythe explains that Vetra has been slowly replacing the submarine crew with her own candidates. Furthermore, in the letter to to Camren she spoke of an asset; presumably an artefact of some kind they hope to find in the *Vena Trench*.

> "Why would the Crosscut Circle want a submarine? All they care about is proving their conspiracy theory."
>
> "The submarine's route takes it very close to the remains of Mundi Eversor. Maybe it's not an artefact they're after... but evidence."
>
> *Denover to Firien.*

### Crowswood Place

Under Guy's successful tutelage, Gomruss and Tuperk's engineers are able to install a majority of the sails by the end of the day. While the engineers dig out areas for accommodation and storage, Guy and Gomruss once again argue over the placement of the thrusters. Tuperk interrupts the pair with a gift! Having conferred with Adelaide, the Crows feel it fitting to donate the antique ship's wheel from Glimback's quarters. Guy's eyes glow with pride. The aarakocra further suggests they might create rudders for each of the thrusters and connect them to the wheel!
