---
layout: post
title: Session 38 Justice or Mercy—Part 1
---

## **996, Inceptum 4th**

**Gomruss** is woken by whispers in his mind. *Roshia* and *Tabitha* were trying to contact him! Concentrating on his mentor's distant voice, Gomruss can only discern several words. The Inquisition were making a move. The dragonborn dresses with haste and summons his friends. **Firien** drags *Spiro* into the heated discussion. **Arti** spies a tremor in the Grand Paladin's hand when he claims to know nothing of the Inquisition's plans. Though hesitant to speculate, Spiro admits that for a while he has suspected *Tristis* might attempt to overthrow his sister. Firien corroborates Spiro's suspicions, citing the recent withdrawal of missionaries from the Manyshells.

Spiro rubs his temples. He had ordered two battalions of Clerics and Paladins to the Manyshells in response to the rising tensions between the *CSCA* and the pirate factions. However, he did not know the Church was secretly sourcing basilisk venom. **Guy** strokes his chin. It was possible the Inquisition had been using the situation in the Manyshells to their advantage. Firien spots the perspiration on Spiro's brow and insists on examining him. The Grand Paladin's increasing stress had aroused a tint of purple in his eyes. He was in the first stages of Miasma psychosis. Firien temporarily relieves Spiro of his duties, prescribing a day of rest.

## **996, Inceptum 5th**

**Bantonio** fidgets in his hammock. A cold sweat overwhelms him as the events of the last few days replay in his mind. His skin itches as he feels the weight of Caelum's hands on his shoulders. He leaps out of bed, desperate for air. On deck, *Blue-Belly* approaches Bantonio, concerned. Bantonio tells the lizardfolk about his meeting with Caelum, and laments his years of blind faith. Blue-Belly offers to sit with Bantonio in a guided meditation, and the pair share wisdom in the wee hours. Bantonio embraces the soft-spoken monk in thanks.

> "No, really? So if you got enough people together to believe in a god, would that god then spring into existence?"
>
> "Maybe! Something doesn't have to be tangible for it to be real. In our eternal quest for identity and community, we share our values through stories. Stories that bring hope. If I told you about Sylvanus, would he not be real simply by virtue of our shared knowledge? Faith is not about worshipping some omniscient being, it's about what values you choose to uphold."
>
> *Bantonio to Blue-Belly.*

---

### **Next: [Session 39](session-39)**
### **Previous: [Session 37](session-37)**
