---
layout: post
title: Wizard—Lapidurgy
published: false
---

## [**Wizard Class Features**](https://2014.5e.tools/classes.html#wizard_phb)

## **Arcane Tradition**

### Lapidurgy

A lapidurge studies and shapes gemstones in great detail in order to achieve magical effects. The practice originated in Atada, where sparkling mineral deposits gave rise to the formidable *Diamond Guard*, who use gemstones to conjure radiant staves in defence of their queen.

#### **Gem Magic**

When you adopt this tradition at 2nd level, you receive a set of four gemstones. You also gain proficiency with ***jeweller’s tools*** which you can use to study and modify the appearance of your gemstones. You learn to harness the elemental energies contained within your gemstones. Whenever you cast a spell that sheds light, a gemstone of your choice is illuminated. Your access to this energy is represented by a number of ***light points*** which you can spend to cast gem magic. Your light points cannot exceed the number of gemstones you have.

**Chromatic Ray.** As a bonus action, you can spend 1 light point to shoot a beam of light toward a creature within 60 feet. Make a ranged spell attack against the target. On a hit, it takes 1d6 damage. The gemstone used to cast this spell determines the damage type. The spell's damage increases by 1d6 when you reach 5th level (2d6), 11th level (3d6), and 17th level (4d6).

**Luminous Weapon.** As a bonus action, you can spend 1 light point to imbue the quarterstaff you are holding with elemental energy. For 1 minute, you can use your spellcasting ability for the attack and damage rolls of melee attacks using that weapon, and the weapon's damage type becomes that of the gemstone used to cast this spell. The weapon also becomes magical, if it isn't already. The spell ends if you cast it again or if you let go of the weapon.

**Prismatic Armour.** As an action, you can spend up to 4 light points to adorn your clothing with luminous armour plating. For 1 minute, your base AC is increased by 1 per light point spent, and you have resistance against up to four damage types determined by the gemstones used to cast this spell. The spell ends if you don armour or if you dismiss the spell as an action.

##### Gemstones

| Gemstone           | Damage Type       | Modify Gem Components |
| ------------------ | ----------------- | --------------------- |
| Diamond            | Radiant           |                       |
| Ruby/Sapphire      | Fire/Cold         | Corundum              |
| Emerald/Aquamarine | Force/Psychic     | Beryl                 |
| Citrine/Amethyst   | Lightning/Thunder | Quartz                |

#### **Refracting Light**

Starting at 2nd level, you learn the ***dancing lights*** cantrip. If you already know this cantrip, you learn a different wizard cantrip of your choice. The cantrip doesn't count against your number of cantrips known. You can dismiss dancing lights as part of the same action you use to cast it. When you do, you gain 4 light points.

#### **Stonecutter**

Starting at 6th level, you learn how to transmute gemstones into their mineral counterparts, unlocking their damage types. You can transmute up to three gemstones when you finish a long rest, provided you have the material components. Diamond does not have a mineral counterpart and therefore cannot be transmuted.

#### **Mirror Gate**

Starting at 10th level, as a reaction, which you take when a creature casts a spell that forces you or another creature within 30 feet of you to make a saving throw, you can spend 2 light points to have that creature automatically succeed on its saving throw against the spell. Then, for 1 minute, the triggering creature becomes vulnerable to two damage types determined by the gemstones used to cast this spell.

#### **Invigorating Light**

Starting at 14th level,
