---
layout: post
title: College of Retainers
---

## [**Bard Class Features**](https://2014.5e.tools/classes.html#bard_phb)

## **Bard College**

### College of Retainers

The College of Retainers

#### **Bonus Proficiencies**

When you join the College of Retainers at 3rd level, you gain proficiency with 1 weapon and: (a) 2 skills, (b) 2 tools, (c) 1 skill and 1 tool of your choice.

#### **Teaching Method**

Starting at 3rd level, you can choose a willing creature to become your ***ward***. You can only have 1 ward at a time and you must finish a long rest before you can choose a new ward. While your ward is within 60 feet of you, it gains benefits according to a ***teaching method*** of your choice. Changing your teaching method requires you to spend a short rest during which you might evaluate your ward's performance or establish a new curriculum.

- **Discipline.** When your ward rolls a 1 on an attack roll, ability check, or saving throw, it can re-roll the die and must use the new roll.
- **Engagement.** Your ward's weapon attacks score a critical hit on a roll of 19 or 20.
- **Flexibility.** Your ward can add half its proficiency bonus, rounded down, to any ability check with which you are proficient.
- **Memorisation.** Your ward has advantage on attack rolls against creatures it has already attacked using the same weapon or spell.

Starting at 6th level, you can choose additional creatures to become wards up to a maximum of 2 at one time. At 14th level, the maximum number of wards you can choose increases to 3.

#### **Master of Etiquette**

At 6th level, you gain a +2 bonus to initiative. While your ward is within 60 feet of you, it gains a +5 bonus to initiative. Neither you or your ward can be surprised while you are conscious. Other creatures don't gain advantage on attack rolls against you or your ward as a result of being unseen by you or your ward.

#### **Legal Guardian**

At 14th level, while your ward has a Bardic Inspiration die, its speed is doubled, it gains a +2 bonus to AC, it has advantage on Dexterity saving throws, and it gains an additional action on each of its turns. That action can be used only to take the Attack (one weapon attack only), Dash, Disengage, Hide, or Use an Object action.

Once the Bardic Inspiration die is rolled, the target can't move or take actions until after its next turn, as a wave of lethargy sweeps over it.
