---
layout: post
title: Spells
---

### Bandorul's Unlocked Potential

*3rd-level enchantment*

- **Casting Time:** 1 bonus action
- **Range:** 30 feet
- **Components:** V, S, M (a shamrock leaf, which the spell consumes)
- **Duration:** Concentration, up to 1 minute

Choose a creature that you can see within range. For the duration, when that creature makes a successful attack roll, it can roll ***lucky dice*** in place of the normal damage dice of its weapon or spell. Lucky dice are never rolled in place of damage dice from an item's magical properties (e.g. from attunement, charges etc.).

***At Higher Levels.*** When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 5th level or higher, the bonus increases according to the lucky dice table. When you use a spell slot of 7th level or higher, the bonus increases according to the lucky dice table.

##### **Lucky Dice**

| Normal damage die | Lucky die  | 5th level  | 7th level  |
| ----------------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- |
| ?d4               | ?d6        | ?d8        | ?d10       |
| ?d6               | ?d8        | ?d10       | ?d12       |
| ?d8               | ?d10       | ?d12       | ?d12 + ?d4 |
| ?d10              | ?d12       | ?d12 + ?d4 | ?d12 + ?d6 |
| ?d12              | ?d12 + ?d4 | ?d12 + ?d6 | ?d12 + ?d8 |

### Bandorul’s Surface Shift

*3rd-level evocation*

- **Casting Time:** 1 action
- **Range:** 30 feet
- **Components:** V, S, M (A drop of lemon oil)
- **Duration:** Concentration, up to 1 minute

Choose a medium size or lower creature that you can see within range. For the duration, you change the direction of gravity for that creature and it is pulled toward a vertical surface or ceiling within 60 feet of it. A willing creature may move up, down, across or upside down along that surface normally. An unwilling creature must make a Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the creature takes 2d6 force damage and falls toward the surface. At the end of the fall, the creature takes 1d6 bludgeoning damage for every 10 feet it fell, to a maximum of 6d6. It also lands prone, unless it somehow avoided taking damage from the fall. On a successful save, the creature takes half as much damage and doesn't fall.

***At Higher Levels.*** When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 4th level or higher, you can target one additional creature for each slot level above 3rd.

### Double or Nothing

*1st-level divination*

- **Casting Time:** 1 reaction, which you take after making an attack roll
- **Range:** Self
- **Components:** V, S
- **Duration:** Instantaneous

Whenever you make an attack roll, you can use your reaction to roll an additional d20. You can cast this spell after you roll the die, but before the outcome is determined. You choose which of the d20s is used for the attack roll. If the attack hits, it becomes a critical hit. If the attack misses, you have disadvantage on your next attack roll. You cannot cast this spell in reaction to an attack roll that already has advantage or disadvantage.

### Joy's Mailed Mockery

*Enchantment cantrip*

- **Casting Time:** 1 action
- **Range:** Unlimited
- **Components:** S, M (a sheet of parchment, which the spell consumes)
- **Duration:** Instantaneous

You scribble a string of insults laced with subtle enchantments onto a sheet of parchment. The parchment folds itself into a paper plane and flies toward the target. If the target opens the parchment, it must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or take 1d4 psychic damage and have disadvantage on the next attack roll it makes before the end of its next turn. This spell's damage increases by 1d4 when you reach 5th level (2d4), 11th level (3d4), and 17th level (4d4).

There is a chance the parchment will be damaged when travelling distances over 120 feet. The DM may ask for an ability check to determine whether or not the spell reaches its target.

### Imprison Creature

*4th-level abjuration*

- **Casting Time:** 1 action
- **Range:** 30 feet
- **Components:** V, S, M (a flask, locket or playing card)
- **Duration:** Concentration, up to 1 minute

Make a ranged spell attack against a creature that you can see within range. On a hit, the target takes 1d12 lightning damage and a sustained arc of magical energy connects the target to the flask (or similar item) in your hand. On each of your turns for the duration, you can use your action to deal 1d12 lightning damage to the target automatically. The spell ends if you use your action to do anything else. The spell also ends if the target is ever outside the spell's range or if it has total cover from you. If the target is reduced to 0 hit points before the spell ends, it shrinks to an imperceptible height and is imprisoned inside the flask. While inside the flask, the creature doesn't need to breathe, eat, or drink, and it doesn't age. Divination spells can't locate or perceive the target.

The flask becomes a magical item with 10 charges: while holding it, you can use an action to call forth the creature you imprisoned. It manifests in an unoccupied space that you can see within range. The creature disappears back into the flask when it drops to 0 hit points or when you use an action to end the spell. The creature is an ally to you and your companions. In combat, the creature shares your initiative count, but it takes its turn immediately after yours. It obeys your verbal commands (no action required by you). If you expend the flask's last charge, or the flask is destroyed, the creature is released and flees. The creature can attempt to break free of the flask at the end of every day provided that it has an Intelligence score higher than 2. It must succeed on a DC 20 Strength check or remain imprisoned.

***At Higher Levels.*** When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 5th level or higher, the initial damage increases by 1d12 and the DC increases by 2 for each slot level above 4th.
