---
layout: post
title: Items
---

## **Weapons**

### Lantern Flail

*Martial weapon, melee weapon, very rare (requires attunement).* 2 lb.

**1d8 bludgeoning. Reach.**

You gain a ***+1 bonus*** to attack and damage rolls made with this magic weapon. On a hit, the target takes an extra ***1d4 radiant damage***. This weapon sheds bright light in a 20-foot radius and dim light for an additional 20 feet. It also disperses fog in a 20-foot radius. The fog reforms behind you as you move through it.

**Reach.** This weapon adds 5 feet to your reach when you attack with it. This property also determines your reach for opportunity attacks with a reach weapon.

### Gemlock Pistol

*Martial weapon, ranged weapon, firearm, rare.* 500 gp, 3 lb.

**1d10 piercing. Ammunition (30/90 ft.), loading.**

**Ammunition.** You can use a weapon that has the ammunition property to make a ranged attack only if you have ammunition to fire from the weapon. Each time you attack with the weapon, you expend one piece of ammunition. Drawing the ammunition from a quiver, case, or other container is part of the attack. Loading a one-handed weapon requires a free hand. The ammunition of a firearm is destroyed upon use. If you use a weapon that has the ammunition property to make a melee attack, you treat the weapon as an improvised weapon. A sling must be loaded to deal any damage when used in this way.

**Range.** A weapon that can be used to make a ranged attack has a range shown in parentheses after the ammunition or thrown property. The range lists two numbers. The first is the weapon's normal range in feet, and the second indicates the weapon's maximum range. When attacking a target beyond normal range, you have disadvantage on the attack roll. You can't attack a target beyond the weapon's long range.

**Loading.** Because of the time required to load this weapon, you can fire only one piece of ammunition from it when you use an action, bonus action, or reaction to fire it, regardless of the number of attacks you can normally make.

**Special.** This weapon does not use gunpowder, its ammunition is magically propelled, making it almost silent. You do not give away your location when you make an attack with this weapon. This weapon can be used in environments where a traditional firearm would not function (e.g. underwater).

### Gemlock Musket

*Martial weapon, ranged weapon, firearm, rare.* 1000 gp, 10 lb.

**1d12 piercing. Ammunition (40/120 ft.), loading, two-handed.**

**Two-handed.** This weapon requires two hands to use. This property is relevant only when you attack with the weapon, not when you simply hold it.

**Special.** This weapon does not use gunpowder, its ammunition is magically propelled, making it almost silent. You do not give away your location when you make an attack with this weapon. This weapon can be used in environments where a traditional firearm would not function (e.g. underwater).

### Triple-Barrelled Gemlock Rifle

*Martial weapon, ranged weapon, firearm, rare.* 3000 gp, 30 lb.

**1d12 piercing. Ammunition (80/320 ft.), reload (3 shots), two-handed.**

This weapon has an additional trigger that fires all 3 barrels at once. On a hit, the target takes ***1d12 piercing damage*** for each loaded barrel. This weapon must then be reloaded.

**Reload.** A limited number of shots can be made with a weapon that has the reload property. A character must then reload it using an action or a bonus action (the character's choice).

**Special.** This weapon does not use gunpowder, its ammunition is magically propelled, making it almost silent. You do not give away your location when you make an attack with this weapon. This weapon can be used in environments where a traditional firearm would not function (e.g. underwater).

### Zip-Wheel

*Improvised weapon, ranged weapon, firearm.* 200 gp, 3 lb.

**1d6 bludgeoning. Ammunition (15 ft. cone), loading, two-handed.**

You drop a handful of ball bearings into your zip-wheel while it spins at high speed. Each creature in the 15-foot cone must make a Dexterity saving throw. On a successful save, a creature takes half as much damage.

### Kurt's Hand Cannon

*Martial weapon, ranged weapon, firearm.*

**1d10 piercing. Ammunition (15 ft. cone), loading.**

Each creature in the 15-foot cone must make a Dexterity saving throw. On a successful save, a creature takes half as much damage.

### Poison Blade of the Ambitious Assassin

*Simple weapon, melee weapon, rare (requires attunement).*

**1d4 piercing + 1d10 poison. Finesse, light, thrown (20/60 ft.).**

**Finesse.** When making an attack with a finesse weapon, you use your choice of your Strength or Dexterity modifier for the attack and damage rolls. You must use the same modifier for both rolls.

**Light.** A light weapon is small and easy to handle, making it ideal for use when fighting with two weapons.

**Thrown.** If a weapon has the thrown property, you can throw the weapon to make a ranged attack. If the weapon is a melee weapon, you use the same ability modifier for that attack roll and damage roll that you would use for a melee attack with the weapon. For example, if you throw a handaxe, you use your Strength, but if you throw a dagger, you can use either your Strength or your Dexterity, since the dagger has the finesse property.

**Special.** If this weapon is used for a ranged attack, it teleports back to your hand after dealing damage.

### Thunderflash Powder

*Wondrous item, uncommon.*

As an action, you create a flash of dazzling light filling a 10-foot cube within 5 feet of you. Each creature in that area must succeed on a DC 10 Constitution save or be blinded until the end of your next turn.

## **Armour**

### Elvish Glass Shoulder Cape

*Wondrous item, rare.*

While wearing this cape, you can use it to cast the ***Mirror Image*** spell as an action. This property of the cape can't be used again until the next dawn.

### Silas' Thunderkickers

*Wondrous item, rare.*

While wearing these boots, as an action, you can kick a creature within 5 feet. That creature must make a Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, a creature takes 2d8 thunder damage and is pushed 10 feet away from you. On a successful save, the creature takes half as much damage and isn't pushed.

## **Ammunition**

### Arrows and Bolts

- **Corrosive.** +1d4 acid damage. Dissolves 5-foot cube of soluble material. 2 sp, 4 gp (20).
- **Bludgeoning.** Damage becomes bludgeoning. 5 cp, 1 gp (20).
- **Burning.** +1d4 fire damage. Ignites 5-foot cube of flammable material. 2 sp, 4 gp (20).
- **Explosive.** +1d4 force damage (15 ft. cube). Target pushed 10 feet away from explosion on failed DC 10 Dexterity save. 4 sp, 8 gp (20).
- **Freezing.** +1d4 cold damage. Freeze 5-foot cube of liquid for 1 hour. 2 sp, 4 gp (20).
- **Poisoned.** +1d4 poison damage. Target poisoned for 1 hour on failed DC 10 Constitution save. 2 sp, 4 gp (20).
- **Sanctified.** +1d4 radiant damage. +1d4 radiant damage if blessed. 4 sp, 8 gp (20).
- **Shocking.** +1d4 lightning damage. Target stunned until end of your next turn on failed DC 10 Constitution save. 4 sp, 8 gp (20).
- **Thunderflash.** +1d4 thunder damage (15 ft. cube). Target blinded until end of your next turn on failed DC 10 Constitution save. 4 sp, 8 gp (20).
