---
layout: post
title: Session 6 Denover's Deal
---

### Crowswood Place

The rain eases as the party arrive back at *Crowswood Place*. After handing the pteranodon wing leather to a grateful *Tuperk*, they enter the foyer and hang their wet cloaks by the fire. **Bantonio** removes his shirt and wrings it out, drawing the wanton eye of *Doom*. **Gomruss** then removes his clothes, causing Doom to recoil. Before they do however, the tiefling barbarian hands a letter to the dragonborn: a ***200 gold*** fine for the 15 square feet of corn he flattened.

In the main hall, **Blythe** spots Constable *Michael Denover* speaking with *Adelaide* and quickly dons a brilliant elderly disguise, introducing herself as *Sol Veditte*. Fortunately, the constable is unable to see through the disguise. **Firien** delivers their report to Adelaide and rightfully informs Denover of the lighthouse keeper's death. Blythe, however, chooses to withhold the evidence she took from the lighthouse. Denover intends to inform *Kurt*'s next of kin, unaware of Blythe's investigation.

The constable then reveals his reason for seeking out the party. Having received his missing badge from Adelaide, Denover is willing to forgo arresting the apparently absent *Casey Closed* in favour of offering the party a job. After all, were his superiors to find out about the theft of his badge, it may result in disciplinary action.

Interrogating the captured zip-pirates has revealed the location of their hideout. The pirates' escape plan was to parachute to an earthmote below the cable car along with their loot. That earthmote is headed north into the Miasma, meaning the pirates must evacuate soon. The job requires a stealthy approach, so Denover recommends the party head to *Caelum's Landing University* to achieve their glider proficiency.

> "The University is currently offering free crash courses."
>
> "I thought the idea was *not* to crash."
>
> *Denover to Guy.*

The party agrees and Denover takes his leave. Meanwhile, *Oscar* speaks with Doom, quietly offering his share of the bounty to the party. Doom agrees and issues the party with ***120 Gold*** each. The party then sit down to lunch and Blythe further examines the cipher in Kurt's address book.

Blythe deciphers the code without issue; the code reads *Dawnroot Forest*. However Gomruss notices something more. The handwriting in the will does not quite match that of the address book; the writer was obviously trying to copy Kurt's handwriting. The address book also contains the locations of Kurt's son, *Cade*, who is at the *Bounty Hunters Lodge*; and his nephew, *Silas*, who is at Caelum's Landing University.

Gomruss approaches Doctor *Gurdeep Darshan*, an elderly new arrival from the *Arx Institute of Archaeology*. The doctor is looking to employ a graviturgy wizard to help unearth a ruin in the region of *Os Terrae*. When Gomruss goes to sign Darshan's contract, the party step in. The contract appears legitimate. Darshan will hire the entire party to secure the ruin, however, he will not be leaving for Arx until he has completed his work with the Commission.

### Caelum's Landing University

Arriving at Caelum's Landing University, the party follow the posters to the playing field where several students are taking their glider proficiency tests. The party mount their gliders while a coach instructs them in the theory. Satisfied they have memorised the theory, the party take their gliders to the top of a tower, where they must take off and fly through four rings before landing on the far side of the field.

Gomruss executes the manoeuvres perfectly and the party hears his booming celebration from the distant landing zone. Bantonio, petrified by the height of the tower, turns to **Guy** for encouragement. The self-proclaimed pirate offers Bantonio a herbal remedy to soothe his nerves, which the oblivious human promptly chews and swallows. While Guy performs his manoeuvres to perfection, Blythe pokes fun at Bantonio.

> "What did you say?"
>
> "No one's gonna think you're hot if you can't fly."
>
> *Blythe gives Bantonio inspiration.*

Bantonio takes to the skies with a renewed vigour and barrel rolls his way through the course, landing safely. Blythe follows suit, leaving Firien the last to take off. Firien pulls out of a dive too hard, causing their glider to stall. The glider spears the ground and Firien's fall is cushioned by Gomruss' timely graviturgy. Fortunately, Firien succeeds on their second attempt and the party receive their ***Glider Proficiency Diplomas***.

Exiting the playing field, Gomruss tries to snap Bantonio out of his adrenaline and herb-infused stupor with several slaps to the face. Compelled to defend his friend, Guy once again pulls his gun on the pompous dragonborn! Fortunately, Blythe has the sense to tackle the trigger-happy pirate before Gomruss even notices. Finally relaxed, Bantonio takes a moment to enquire where they might find Silas. According to an archaeology student, Silas can often be found at the student lounge.

Procuring some supplies from the reception desk, Bantonio hatches a plan: while he, Firien and Gomruss engage Silas at the bar, Blythe and Guy will search the young dwarf's room. The trio trap Silas in the corner table and Bantonio reveals a letter of his own creation, apparently addressed to Silas.

> "I don't know who this guy Silas is. I got his mail by mistake! You know what happened to the last guy I knew who got someone else's mail? He was killed."
>
> *Bantonio finds an excuse to speak with Silas.*

Obviously uncomfortable, Silas makes a bid to leave. Gomruss challenges the young dwarf to a game of *River* but he refuses. Panicking, Bantonio clutches his gut.

> "One second, I think I am having a diarrhoea."
>
> *Bantonio tries to keep Silas occupied.*

Firien comes to the rescue, apologising for their friends' behaviour. They exit the bar with Silas and mention their work with the Church of Caelum. Firien successfully captivates Silas when they reveal themselves as an acolyte of *Bahamut*. Sensing a kindred spirit, the young dwarf is happy to lecture Firien on the failings of the church.

Meanwhile, Guy picks the lock of Silas' room and he and Blythe enter. A thorough search of the messy student's room reveals a false panel beneath one of the drawers. Guy lifts the panel and removes a scrap of paper. Written on the paper is a copy of Kurt's cipher and the solution to a different code from the substituted will. The code reads *Little Nox*.

Blythe makes a copy of the solution and takes a lock of hair from Silas' hairbrush. Careful to leave the room as it was, Guy locks the door behind them and the pair exit just as Silas parts with Firien. The party reconvene in the late afternoon to consider their next move.

---

### **Next: [Session 7](session-7)**
### **Previous: [Session 5](session-5)**
