---
layout: post
title: Session 16 The Minister and the Murderer—Part 2
---

*Cade* suggests it would be best to confront *Silas* after nightfall; it was likely his estranged cousin would try to move the loot unseen. He would remain at the *Bogus Broadsword* with the *Feywild Ones* until the time was right. *Tabitha* takes this opportunity to drag **Gomruss** to bed while **Arti** cares for their pet goldfinch. **Blythe**, **Firien**, **Guy** and **Bantonio** head to the *Municipal Houses* to speak with *Camren*.

### Municipal Houses

While Bantonio assists Blythe with her latest disguise, Guy conducts reconnaissance. He discovers conventional locks on both the entrance and a hatch in the bell tower. More promising is the window that leads directly into Camren's office, but the lock in on the inside. Though they have to join a queue, Blythe and Firien both receive appointments with the deputy minister. Blythe is the first to enter under the guise of *Ray Derring*, an independent journalist.

Camren welcomes Blythe into his office with an unmistakable Émeraude accent. He is a stout but poised human with a ruddy face, an aquiline nose and a slick, black ponytail. The decor of his office alludes to a modest fortune. Most egregious is the large painting on the wall which Blythe recognises as a replica of the *Insequentes Umbra*. It depicts *Caelum*'s battle with *Mundi Eversor*. Stood atop Eversor's shoulder is the silhouette of a cambion with a flaming sword; presumably *Tenebrae*.

Blythe begins by quizzing Camren on his activities at the *First Life* festival then segues into the meaning behind the holiday. Camren is happy to oblige, stating that First Life celebrates the birth of *Prima Vita Sol Orbis*, Caelum's first born. He mentions his meeting with *Naal*, a herald who came to him for careers advice.

> "Oh, I know Naal! He mentioned a promotion?"
>
> "Oui, it seemed that his work as a herald had been particularly damaging to his mental health as of late. So I offered him a job at the Ministry. We are always looking for interns."
>
> "Interesting. Naal hasn't replied to me since then. It seems you were the last person to see him."
>
> *Blythe to Camren.*

Though subtle, Blythe catches a note of panic in Camren's eyes. He quickly changes the subject to several Ministry schemes which might offer adequate funding for Derring's gazette. Blythe expresses her disinterest. Frustrated, Camren politely asks her to leave, giving her no opportunity to unlock the window.

> "Do you have any parting words for the gazette?"
>
> "Hmm. What was that I read recently? Ah! Stay Hard?"
>
> *Blythe's heart skips a beat.*

Worried the deputy minister suspects her, Blythe rushes to meet Firien in the waiting room. Apprised of what to expect, Firien is next to enter Camren's office. The dragonborn expresses their concern with the miners' protests and shows the deputy minister the flyer they took from *Fundus Park*. Unexpectedly, Camren chastises the Ministry's delayed handling of the situation. Firien learns that there is no evidence anyone fell to their death in the *Resonant Mines*: first, because they are unable to search the mine's seemingly infinite depths; and second, because every miner is accounted for according to the paperwork.

> "It may be this miner—if indeed they ever existed—was not employed through the proper channels. Regardless, the safety measures are long overdue. The miners deserve to have their voices heard in the Ministry."
>
> *Camren to Firien.*

Firien offers to investigate the matter further and liaise with the miners as an impartial third party. Though an acolyte of the Church, they answer only to *Bahamut*. Impressed by Firien's initiative, Camren agrees. Before they leave, Firien takes another look at Camren's controversial painting.

> "Nice painting. A little on the nose, isn't it?"
>
> "Ah yes, a replica of the Insequentes Umbra. Much to the chagrin of the Church, such things are not illegal to possess."
>
> *Firien to Camren.*

Convinced the deputy minister is hiding something, Guy and Blythe wait until closing time before sneaking around to Camren's office window. Firien and Bantonio keep watch in the square. Guy has to feed a thin wire through a gap in the window to open it from the outside. Firien becomes anxious as after several failed attempts a guard turns the corner. Fortunately, Bantonio is able to keep him occupied with an impromptu language lesson.

Despite struggling for nearly a quarter hour, the lock gives way and Guy and Blythe enter Camren's office unnoticed. Immediately, Guy spots the intricate way everything is laid out on the deputy minister's desk; they will have to put everything back exactly as it was to avoid detection. Why then was the painting slightly askew? With a smug grin, Guy removes the painting, expecting to see a safe. To his disappointment, he finds a brick wall. However, tapping the wall reveals a hidden metal panel.

Blythe searches Camren's bookcases and drawers but finds only dreary political documentation. By chance, her fingers glance against a leather desk pad and leave glowing fingerprints. Guy strokes his chin. Could this be the locking mechanism for the hidden safe? The pair spend the next half hour drawing all kinds of symbols on the pad to no avail. Blythe scrutinises her notes, convinced she has the solution. Frustrated, Guy pipes up.

> "Well the man obviously hates the Church, so what if I just drew the Church's symbol with a cross through it?"
>
> "Of course! The Crosscut Circle!"
>
> "The what?"
>
> *Guy unwittingly finds the solution.*

The symbol glows and the illusory panel disappears, revealing the safe. Inside, the pair find correspondence with members of the *Crosscut Circle*. Blythe reads a report concerning the search for an unnamed asset. Despite extensive research, the writer has not been able to determine its existence. Naal is not mentioned anywhere. Guy rifles through a folder of technical drawings. They appear to be for some kind of submarine. An aerial photograph of the vessel is enclosed. It appears to be still under construction on *Ingenium*. Blythe copies the letter and Guy places everything back as he found it. They exit just in time to see Bantonio and the guard share a brotherly handshake.

### Bogus Broadsword

Meanwhile, Gomruss relaxes in a double bed at the Bogus Broadsword with Tabitha snuggled up beside him. When he expresses the rare comfort he feels in speaking with her, she straddles his waist and strokes his jawbone. Though empathetic, Tabitha communicates how important it is that he not solely rely on her for such things and that he should open up to his friends. Stricken by her wisdom, Gomruss struggles to vocalise the amount of affection overwhelming him. Hearing the others return, the pair dress and head downstairs.

Over a hearty meal, Guy and Blythe share what they have learned with the party. A courier arrives with a package for *Cylaros*. Blythe hides her face as the szarkai opens it. There is a tinge of purple in Cylaros' cheeks as—somewhat confused—he thanks Blythe for her gift. Blythe hurriedly steers the party out the door.

### Little Nox

The *Six of Steel* accompany Cade on the late cable car to *Little Nox*. The dwarf fighter expresses his thanks: if Blythe had not taken the will, he may well have fallen into Silas' trap. He leads the party to the cave pond where Kurt and Silas were pictured fishing. Heavy boots squelch through the mud and Silas steps into the moonlight.

> "Silas? What are you wearing?"
>
> "It's da's old armour."
>
> "Where did you get it?"
>
> *Cade to Silas.*

Silas recognises Bantonio, Firien and Gomruss as the trio who accosted him at the student lounge. As Cade questions Silas, Firien utters a word under their breath and a zone of truth surrounds Silas. Bantonio seizes his opportunity to get answers.

> "Tell me again, Silas... how did your father die?"
>
> *Bantonio to Silas.*

Silas' eyes dart between his interrogators. He takes a pouch from his belt and casts it to the floor, creating a shower of blinding sparks! Now invisible, the ambitious assassin escapes into the cave.

---

### **Next: [Session 17](session-17)**
### **Previous: [Session 15](session-15)**
