---
layout: post
title: Session 48 New Horizons
---

## **996, Inceptum 20th**

### The Verity

The Clerics aboard the *Verity* are in high demand as the crew take turns sending messages to their loved ones. *Lemon*, *Jaytrix*'s goldfinch companion, returns carrying a small scroll which the monk promptly hands to Captain Brush. The message is from *Aura*, explaining how she intends to announce a celebration honouring the *Six of Steel* to prevent Inquisition interference. In reply, **Firien** estimates that after visiting *Madanau*, they will arrive at *Crowswood Place* the afternoon of the 22nd.

Upon **Guy**'s request, Firien sends a message to *Agnes*, the Captain's former nanny. ABC sends her congratulations and informs Firien that she is on the trail of *Loronath*'s stolen submarine. **Arti** requests they contact *Subira* to make sure she's safe. To everyone's relief, Subira replies in whispered tones. She has tracked the basilisk venom to *Runnelstone* in the *Manyshells*. Guy strokes his chin. The island is a minor trade port operated by the *CSCA*.

## **996, Inceptum 21st**

### Madanau

The crew disembark to thunderous applause. The *Feywild Ones* push through the crowd to meet the Six of Steel at the dock. *Tabitha* launches herself at **Gomruss** before his boots even touch the sand. He topples over and is peppered with proud kisses. *Elaina* lifts her embarrassing companion back on her feet before offering her own congratulations. **Blythe** greets *Cylaros* and returns his gift. The bracer bears a slash from the chimera's claw. Cylaros blushes when Blythe explains how it saved her life.

*Cade* insists on shaking everyone's hand as he recounts how he used his father's inheritance to purchase the mine they found on *Tenebrae's Refuge*. When *Aura* settled the miners' dispute by forcing the *Garnetgrinder Clan* to sell their shares of the *Resonant Mines*, Cade's wealth skyrocketed.

> "And it's all thanks to you guys! I've gotta give you some kind of reward... name anything!"
>
> "How about a hug?"
>
> Cade to Arti.

*Buddleja* flutters around Arti, curious about their new appearance, before introducing the newest member of the Feywild Ones; *Lothran*, the handsome half-elf who helped them dissuade *Émeraude*'s living forests from encroaching on *Diamante*'s territory. Lothran's eyes grow wide when Arti mentions the telomere seeds, making Firien suspicious. Gomruss spies a pink tint to the warlock's pierced extremities but cannot determine who their patron might be.

Firien's family invite the Six of Steel to enjoy a moment of respite at the *Sugartooth Bakery*. There, *Spiro* and *Clara* reunite with their sibling, *Sana*. Firien rises to intimidate a persistent reporter and spots several suspicious patrons watching their friends—undercover inquisitors perhaps? Guy picks up a newspaper and smirks at the CSCA's diminishing share value. The cover reads 'World looks to new horizon!'

> "While this new frontier presents new opportunities for exploration and eventually expansion, we must not ignore its perils. We must not let slip our morals, for they are what define us in this ever-changing world."
>
> A quote from Aura's statement in the newspaper.

## **996, Inceptum 22nd**

### Crowswood Place

The crowd roars as the Six of Steel disembark. Gaggles of reporters attempt to capture photographs, obstructed by a chain of guards. Alchemical flashes illuminate the scene as Aura is reunited with her siblings. While the Grand Paladin delivers an impromptu speech, the party usher *Kalyptos* inside. Blythe shivers when she spies several armoured inquisitors keeping watch. One of them, a drow, wears a red scarf.

Inside, *Droleg* and the Crows welcome back their wayward companions. The hobgoblin arm-wrestles *Glimback* while *Barty* greets *Tiamo* and *Owain* for the first time. *Corvus* escorts Kalyptos to a secure bedroom. Desperate to taste Subira's cooking, Glimback is met with fretful faces. The Crows have not heard from Subira in two days. Gomruss casts sending. He receives no reply but senses a connection to the wrinkled tabaxi. When asked if he will return to his role as chief of the Commission, Glimback turns to Arti.

> "What do you think, Arti? Wanna spend some time with your old dad?"
>
> "More than anything... but our mission's not yet over. You should stay, the Commission need you."
>
> *Glimback to Arti.*

Escorted by her siblings, Aura enters the main hall ready to hear the full story. Her expression grows uneasy as **Bantonio** recounts the events of *Caelum*'s vision and *Ten*'s memory. The Exarch shakes her head in disbelief. It was clear *Tristis* knew the pillar's secret and sent Kalyptos to ensure the expedition never found it. The Six of Steel had enough evidence to bring the Church's authority into question. Ambivalent, Aura delivers an ultimatum before she and her siblings return to the Oratory. The sun sets as the Six of Steel finish deliberating. Tomorrow they will face Tristis armed with the truth.

> "Tristis is manipulative. Everything he has done has been in the best interests of the Church. As such, I have no reason to dismiss him. He intends to debrief you tomorrow. If you choose to run then I will not be able to stop the Inquisition hunting you down."
>
> *Aura.*

Before retiring, Firien and Arti visit Kalyptos to declare their intention to take him to the debriefing. When questioned, Kalyptos claims to have joined the Church willingly when Caelum's clerics rescued him from the oppressive Dominion of *Mallia*. Arti attempts to relieve Kalyptos of his perceived obligation but is quickly rebuked. Firien emphasises that his obligation runs counter to that of his own Exarch. Despite his respect for her, Kalyptos claims he would kill Aura to maintain the authority of the Church should she choose to reveal the pillar's secret.

> "I don't believe in good or evil. I believe in good deeds. The people that rescued you... is this how you repay them?"
>
> "You believe in deeds. Then let me ask you this... would you not commit evil for a greater good?"
>
> *Firien to Kalyptos.*

## **996, Inceptum 23rd**

The tang of magic stirs Blythe in the middle of the night. She exits her room to find Arti patrolling the corridor. The pair hear fumbling inside Kalyptos' room. Without hesitation, Arti breaks the door down. A dimension door illuminates two masked figures carrying an unconscious Kalyptos! Blythe recognises the scarf around one of the figures' necks.

> "Naal!?"
>
> *Blythe.*

In moments, *Naal Berevan* closes the distance to Blythe and presses his dagger to her throat. Arti lunges at Naal's accomplice as they drag Kalyptos through the dimension door. Arti tumbles into the desk behind the portal as it seals shut. Dazed, Arti watches as Naal summons his own dimension door and drags Blythe through it. Naal's red scarf is pulled off in the struggle.

Awoken by the crash, the Six of Steel arrive on the scene. Firien picks up the scarf. With haste, they cast locate creature. They sense Naal 500 feet away heading south-east. Gomruss grips Firien's shoulder and prepares another dimension door. The pair disappear as Arti climbs out of the window in hot pursuit.

---

### **Next: [Session 49](session-49)**
### **Previous: [Session 47](session-47)**
