---
layout: post
title: Session 27 Did You Order an Earthmote?
---

*Loronath* thanks the *Six of Steel* for their help and offers **Guy** his sending sigil so they might further discuss plans for the submarine. Guy bids a fond farewell to *Agnes* who intends to continue her investigation in the Manyshells. The pair share a hug. **Arti** takes notes on how to build a successful parental relationship. With guards still on the lookout for Guy, he suggests they take a private overnight cable car to *Caelum's Landing*. While they wait, Arti wishes to visit a bookshop.

### Brimstones Bookshop

A central spiral staircase leads to thirty storeys of books in the palatial *Brimstones Bookshop*. **Gomruss**' eyes glow with excitement as he types a query into a nearby terminal. Several books on graviturgy are highlighted by dancing lights and he rushes off to examine them. Arti begins his research by entering a query into the terminal. A mechanical crane delivers two books: a songbook with the complete lyrics to Saint Lydia's song, and a novel dramatising the life of *Lydia Iremia*, the patron saint of healers. **Bantonio** wipes away a tear as the pair read together.

Arti struggles to find any reference to his dream visitor and decides to extend his research to blood hunter rituals. He finds a curious example of how an earth genasi changed colour after taking the Ghostslayer's ritual. Meanwhile, Bantonio discovers a reference to *Anfarwol*, the immortal elf-king of *Anfang*, in the first volume of *Knowen and Witana's Encyclopedia*. The source claims that Anfarwol was actually an eladrin who arrived on Fio more than a millennium before the Rising. An artist's impression of Anfarwol's four seasonal forms brings a little heat to Bantonio's cheeks.

**Firien**'s talons wander the shelves in search of survival techniques. Though there are no books detailing what they might encounter in the Miasma, Firien feels they can apply what they find in a popular adventurer's survival guide. Guy decides to brush up on his sailing techniques in preparation for the expedition. Troubled by the abundance of dwarf villains they've encountered, **Blythe** decides to purchase two books on the Dwarvish language.

Gomruss' eyes grow wide when he discovers a curious reference in book about magical artefacts. An ancient thief king of *Arx* once collected powerful magical staves. Among them were a graviturgy staff that could move heavy objects, and a rod that could temporarily imprison a creature within the Plane of Mirrors. Unfortunately, the thief king's castle remains lost, buried beneath Arx's shifting sands. Gomruss scrambles to find Firien and tell them the good news! He finds Firien in the adult section, causing his scales to quiver. Firien has no such shame and they swagger off to purchase their smut from *Midaluna*, the proprietor. Now alone, Gomruss discreetly looks for the sequel to the merfolk romance novel he took from *Westpoint Lighthouse*.

With all expenses paid, the Six of Steel exit the bookshop and catch the overnight cable car. While the others take a short rest on their bunks, Blythe buries her nose in her books. A curious business card falls from the pages. An eye sigil decorates one side. The words 'find us' are written in a cursive fashion on the other side. Blythe stuffs the card in her pocket for examination later. By the time the car reaches Caelum's Landing, Blythe practically knows Dwarvish by heart. Firien decides to walk back to the *Oratory* while the others pay extortionate night rates for a taxi to *Crowswood Place*.

## **996, Roscidas 22nd**

### The Oratory

*Lenna Madizos* wraps her arms tightly around her younger sibling, almost striking Firien with her heart-shaped horns. The two share breakfast in the barracks. Firien recounts what they discovered on *Ingenium*. The CSCA's demand to weaponise the submarine and *Anchorheart*'s desire for resonance weaponry likely meant war was coming to the Manyshells. Lenna screams briefly into her vestments.

> "Fuck! I mean... blast! So that's why I was recalled from the Manyshells. I guess that trumps my theory."
>
> "Wait, what was your theory?"
>
> *Lenna to Firien.*

Lenna explains that she too has been investigating. She discovered that the Church is secretly looking for sources of basilisk venom. Basilisk venom was a potion ingredient used to reverse the effects of petrification. Firien pinches their chin. They recall that during the *Medusae Wars*, the queen of *Mallia*'s blessed warriors had the power to petrify their victims. Perhaps Mallia was preparing to defend its borders, prompting the Church to act in kind. Firien falters. Approaching the matter with some delicacy, Firien reveals how they intend to accompany the Six of Steel on a mission into the Miasma. Lenna makes big gooey eyes at her younger sibling.

> "I have to do this, Lenna. Something is calling me."
>
> *Firien to Lenna.*

### Crowswood Place

Bantonio spies an article in the morning newspaper. The Queen of *Diamante* is to hold a ball in celebration of the *Feywild Ones*' actions in ending a territorial dispute with *Émeraude*. Émeraude had protested when Diamante began deforestation of the magical forests that encroached on their territory. Fortunately, the Feywild Ones sought out *Lothran* in the *Sylvan Kingdoms*, who knew of a way to communicate with the living trees. Together, they convinced the trees to remain within Émeraude's borders. A lump grows in Bantonio's throat seeing an image of Queen *Carina* alongside his friends.

A memory sparks in Bantonio's mind. The diamond in Queen Carina's crown was supposed to be cut in such a way that it looked like an infinite maze of mirrors. He rushes off to tell Gomruss. He finds the dragonborn in his room, apparently in the middle of a conversation with his reflection. Gomruss' jaw drops when he realises that the Queen's diamond may also be a key to the Plane of Mirrors.

Arti finds *Hadley*, *Doom* and *Lathraia* in *Adelaide*'s office discussing the upcoming hearing. Adelaide is staggered to hear that *Spiro Sol Orbis* may be joining them on the expedition. A shadow looms over Guy as he steps outside. He discovers Arti's earthmote orbiting *Crowswood Place*. *Tuperk* beckons Guy and delivers a note from *Eureka*.

> We only had enough spare parts for four thrusters so we've made something special to give you some more power. Hope you like it!
>
> *Eureka's note.*

Guy opens the crates to find a complete set of durable pteranodon leather sails. He excitedly lays them out on the grass ready for installation. He enlists the help of Gomruss who discerns the sails have been enchanted to capture magical winds. Meanwhile, Blythe borrows some flour from *Subira* to reveal several medium-sized fingerprints on the business card she found. Firien and Lenna arrive to find Guy and Gomruss arguing once again. The Six of Steel welcome Lenna with open arms. When she shares the results of her investigation, Arti notes that sourcing basilisk venom does not seem like something *Aura* would do.

---

### **Next: [Session 28](session-28)**
### **Previous: [Session 26](session-26)**
