---
layout: post
title: Session 24 Brushing Up
---

> "Agnes!?"
>
> "That better be a pistol in your pocket, Manfred."
>
> *Agnes releases Guy.*

Before **Guy** can explain himself, *Agnes Briar-Colton* lifts the kitchen rug and throws him into the cellar. A guard knocks on the door. Heavy boots rattle the hidden hatch as the guard enters to question Agnes. After a few tense moments, Guy hears the guard exit and Agnes signals the all clear. Guy climbs out of the cellar and dusts himself off. He and Agnes bicker in whispers before finally deciding to trust one another.

> "You left me!"
>
> "I had no choice in the matter, Manfred. Your parents were quite insistent."
>
> "Agnes, you were practically my mother."
>
> *Guy to Agnes.*

Guy recounts how he fled to the *Manyshells*, bought a catamaran, hired a crew and quickly became embroiled in pirate politics. His talents earned him the trust of Captain *Bhaldrom Anchorheart*, a grizzled dwarf to whom he regrettably owes his life. Anchorheart sent Guy to *Caelum's Landing* to retrieve the triple-barrelled gemlock rifle; a heavy firearm that works underwater, Agnes notes.

Agnes reveals that she came to *Ingenium* to investigate the *Combe Shipping and Courier Agency*'s funding of *Project Abyss*, the construction of a deep-sea submarine. According to her, the CSCA have increased fees in order to expand their fleet in the Manyshells. Agnes pinches her chin. It seems to her the pirate factions must be preparing for war with the CSCA.

The two must now consider their escape plan. First, Guy borrows some casual clothes from Agnes' wardrobe and stuffs his oversized hat into his bag of holding. Realising his bag may be searched, Guy borrows Agnes' sewing kit to create a false compartment, concealing the rifle. Agnes questions Guy's plan to rendezvous with the *Six of Steel* at the *House of Sune*.

> "Do you trust them?"
>
> "Yes... dammit I do."
>
> *Agnes to Guy.*

Arm in arm, Guy and Agnes attempt to circumnavigate Ingenium's neon night life. The pair are able to remain incognito as they slip through the unruly crowds. They spot several guards frisking citizens that match Guy's description. Exiting an alleyway, Guy freezes when he is jabbed in the back. Palming his baton, the guard claims that Guy matches the description of the mechanical horse thief and demands the pirate hand over his bag. The guard mocks Guy when all he finds is a sewing kit in the false compartment. Much to Agnes' exasperation, Guy's hackles rise.

> "I'll be having words with your manager! You, sir, are not a credit to your profession."
>
> *Guy chastises the bigoted guard.*

### House of Sune

**Firien**, **Gomruss** and **Arti** are the first to arrive. They are greeted by *Seramia*, the scantily clad proprietor of the *House of Sune*. After booking three luxury bedrooms for the party, the elegant elf escorts Firien and Gomruss to the prayer room. Exhausted from the day's events, Firien's silent prayer quickly becomes a daydream. A vision of their friends morphs into an image of the Miasma, dispersed by a curious stone pillar atop a grassy knoll. The pillar bears an inscription that Firien does not recognise. They are rudely awoken by Gomruss' exuberant tale of how he discovered *Tymora*. Meanwhile, Arti enjoys a rejuvenating grease and polish in the workshop.

**Blythe** and **Bantonio** arrive soon after, having learned of an exclusive tour scheduled for tomorrow afternoon at Project Abyss. Blythe dashes off to her room to create a new disguise while Bantonio takes advantage of the House of Sune's many luxuries. Lounging in the hot tub, Bantonio comes face-to-chest with an erudite goliath. Intricate tattoos accentuate his bulging muscles. Most notably, an eye sigil decorates his sternum. Turning on the charm, Bantonio learns the goliath's name is *Loronath*, the lead designer for Project Abyss. Apparently enamoured by the handsome human's enthusiasm, Loronath invites Bantonio and his friends to the tour.

Meanwhile, Gomruss privately disrobes in his bedroom after struggling to connect with Tymora. Admiring himself in the mirror, he jumps out of his scales when his reflection blows a raspberry at him! Gomruss bellows a thousand questions but his reflection can only answer in charades. The dragonborn in the mirror jumps for joy when Gomruss finally catches on. Overexcited, Gomruss thunders downstairs to share the news with his friends. Guy and Agnes enter the House of Sune just as Gomruss charges through the foyer, stark naked.

> "Firien! River Chapman has Tymora's emissary imprisoned in the plane of mirrors!"
>
> "Good lord, what have I gotten myself into?"
>
> *Gomruss exasperates Agnes.*

Agnes speaks privately with the Six of Steel over supper. A graduate of the prestigious *College of Retainers*, Agnes was Guy's nanny for many years. Her teaching methods drew the ire of Guy's parents, who promptly dismissed her when Guy began to resent his responsibilities as heir to the Combe family business. Guy then plucks up the courage to reveal his true name, **Manfred Combe**. Six years ago, taking inspiration from the tales of Guybrush Threepwood, Guy fled to the Manyshells to become a pirate. He quickly gained notoriety hunting CSCA ships.

Two years later, when he was captured by the civilian navy, Guy bargained with Captain *Elyse Trelawney*, demonstrating his inside knowledge of the CSCA. Together they successfully thwarted the CSCA's illegal expansion into *Eastern Gwerdowra*, and the following year they traded pebbles on the shores of *Lamorna*. Elyse parted with Guy when a pirate trap led to the death of her father at the hands of Bhaldrom Anchorheart. Having plucked Guy from the wreckage of his own ship, Anchorheart now believes he commands Guy's allegiance.

Two letters are delivered to Firien's door. A smile dares to grace Firien's lips when they recognise their sister's handwriting. *Lenna Madizos* was recently recalled from the Manyshells and wishes to meet the Six of Steel. In contrast, Arti's heart sinks when he spots the Church's seal adorning his letter.

> Dearest Arti,
>
> It is with regret I must inform you that your proposal has come to the attention of the Inquisition, who demand you attend a formal hearing at the Oratory on Roscidas 26th. You shall present your proposal to Grand Inquisitor Tristis Veritas alongside Adelaide Burkhart, Hadley Pinchbrew, Doom and Lathraia. In attendance will be myself; Grand Paladin Spiro Sol Orbis; Sana Sol Orbis, Prefect of Madanau; and Clara Sol Orbis, former Prefect of Tenebrae's Refuge. I look forward to seeing you again and wish you the best of luck in all your endeavours.
>
> Your servant, Aura Sol Orbis
>
> *An extract from Aura's letter.*

---

### **Next: [Session 25](session-25)**
### **Previous: [Session 23](session-23)**
