---
layout: post
title: Session 12 The Six of Steel—Part 2
---

Though too late to save Cylaros from **Blythe**'s bullseye, *Elaina* sneaks up behind the half-elf and paints her sides red! Blythe successfully counters with her scimitar, but *Buddleja* is close by to heal her companion. Now flanked by the tricky fairy, Blythe receives Elaina's piercing daggers once more. Angered by her stained attire, Blythe is inexplicably able to weather the critical hit. **Gomruss** is alerted to Elaina's presence and begins to mould a ball of clay. With a flash of his signature purple magic, a giant hand erupts from the soil beneath Elaina, squeezing her into submission! Blythe finishes the resigned elf with a stroke of her scimitar.

> "Sorry!"
>
> "I hate you."
>
> *Gomruss to Elaina.*

On the far side of the playing field, **Firien** spies several dirt mounds which may be concealing the *Feywild Ones*' remaining 3 flags. Taking a tactical position beside the red brazier, the dragonborn summons a gust of wind, unearthing two red flags! *Tabitha* is unable to hold onto her hat as she is blown backward 15 feet! *Cade*, on the other hand, marches through the storm towards Firien and lands two heavy blows with his greataxe. Momentarily staggered, Firien is able to send a shock of lightning back through Cade's weapon, allowing **Bantonio** to land another hit on the boisterous dwarf. Having returned from the latrine, **Guy** weaves through the crowds hoping to find an opportunity to give his team an edge. That's when Tabitha's hat hits him in the face.

Tabitha flees the storm and tosses a healing potion to her mage hand which administers it to *Cylaros*. Unfortunately, as soon as the dizzy drow sits up, he is clouted over the head by **Firien**'s spiritual weapon; a spectral claw of Bahamut. Distracted, Tabitha unwittingly runs into **Arti**, who is busy concealing another purple flag. The warforged reacts by yanking Tabitha's legs out from under her, knocking her out in a single blow! Arti's gaze then locks onto Buddleja and they charge across the field. Buddleja gathers her wings just in time to slip between Arti's bestial claws!

Buddleja squeezes her holy symbol to veil herself in radiant light, deterring further attacks that might come her way. She then scans the field for purple flags but sees only the one carried by Gomruss. Buddleja flits around the dragonborn trying to snatch his flag. Gomruss swats at the fairy, palming her tiny body to keep her at arm's length. When she persists, the dragonborn unleashes his fiery dragon breath, singeing Buddleja's hair. Gomruss then gestures for Buddleja to look behind her. She spins around just in time to see Blythe's enchanted arrow pierce Cade's armour and sprout thorny tendrils that entangle and topple him. As the last of the Feywild Ones remaining, Buddleja raises her hands and surrenders!

> "The reigning champions have been defeated! Everyone put your hands together for the Six of Steel!"
>
> *Vigor announces the winner.*

The challengers gather to roaring applause and sportingly shake hands. Though exhausted and covered in paint, the Feywild Ones are gracious in defeat. Even Elaina, whom Gomruss seems to have pacified for now with rare words of modesty. Guy returns Tabitha's hat and Firien hoses everyone down with a water spell. The *Six of Steel* then climb to the top of the podium where they each receive an engraved glass trophy and ***1000 gold*** between them. Atop the podium, Guy thinks he spies a familiar face in the audience; was that his childhood nanny? The face merges with the crowd.

As the crowd disperses, the Six of Steel take a moment to say farewell to their rivals. Gomruss suggests he and Tabitha might share a room again tonight, but it seems the Feywild Ones have another quest to pursue. Tabitha hops up to peck the dragonborn on his cheek. While Bantonio quizzes Buddleja on her tailoring skills, Elaina spots Gomruss rubbing his lucky coin. Buddleja recognises it as a coin of Tymora!

> "Is that coin enchanted? Cos if it is that's cheating!"
>
> "What!? I didn't know! I didn't use it, look!"
>
> *Gomruss hands the coin to Buddleja.*

Gomruss explains the coin's enchantment only works once a day. Therefore, if she is able to trigger the enchantment now, he could not have cheated during the tournament. After a moment of deliberation, Buddleja hands the coin to Elaina. Elaina flips the coin and calls it right. She then slams her fist into Gomruss' nose! Gomruss is sent reeling from the critical hit and his nose begins to bleed.

> "Huh. What do you know? It works."
>
> "My nasal cart-i-lages!"
>
> *Elaina gets her revenge.*

Once the Feywild Ones have taken their leave, Arti wanders off to collect a takeaway for everyone. Firien spots a group of Heralds in the crowd and suggests that Blythe speak with them to further her investigation. The pair come face-to-face with *Mercy*, the pink tiefling mentioned in *Naal*'s letter. She recalls Naal received a red scarf from his mother and was wearing it at the First Life festival on Niveus 4th. She had seen him speaking to *Camren de Villeneuve*, the deputy minister for Tenebrae's Refuge, and surmised that Naal had a crush on the suave human. Two days later, Naal mentioned to Mercy an opportunity for promotion, but did not elaborate. He did not return from his errand to the Dawnroot Forest on the morning of Niveus 7th. According to Mercy, when she asked the Grand Herald, *Patrocinor Mors*, about Naal's disappearance, he seemed to be hiding something. Mercy believes the only reason Mors would hide something is if the Inquisition were involved.

---

### **Next: [Session 13](session-13)**
### **Previous: [Session 11](session-11)**
