---
layout: post
title: Session 44 Breathe
---

### The Verity

**Guy** moors the *Verity* and repairs continue as the sun begins to set. **Firien** joins *Clara* in sick bay to check on the wounded. Among others, they find *Terry* tending to *Stoutmann*. The dwarf's words of encouragement fall on deaf ears. Speaking with Terry privately, Firien learns that Stoutmann inducted him into the Church and has always been protective and overbearing.

> "Bahamut doesn't have a set of instructions for delivering justice. You have to decide what justice means for yourself."
>
> "Maybe that's the difference between you and I. You see, I've followed instructions my whole life."
>
> *Firien to Terry.*

**Bantonio** overhears the exchange and asks after Terry's ambitions. According to the twenty-year-old, he joined the Church looking for safe employment and volunteered for the expedition to challenge himself. Bantonio compares this to the time he spent chasing brief infatuations at twenty years old. He can't help but gossip about Firien's budding romance with *Spiro*. **Arti** approaches to offer Terry his share of the morkoth's treasure—almost 1000 gold! Terry swallows the lump in his throat considering the opportunities this new wealth presents. Suddenly, all the hardship had become worthwhile.

Before retiring, **Gomruss** attempts once more to contact *Roshia*. Her reply wakes him from his slumber. Though distorted by the Miasma, several distinct words prove vexing. *Camren* had been arrested and the Inquisition were interested in the *Dawnroot Druids*. Was it possible that *Tristis* had learned **Blythe**'s secrets during the hearing?

## **996, Inceptum 14th**

The following morning, Arti assesses the damage to his garden. He harvests several tainted carrots which the monks help to purify. He then joins the *Six of Steel* in the captain's quarters. With some encouragement from Firien, Spiro decides to tell Clara the truth. Clara listens intently as Bantonio recounts the events of his vision. She squeezes her brother tightly, suddenly understanding the recent distance between them. The pair dare not dwell on the danger *Aura* might be in.

Troubled by Roshia's garbled update, the Six of Steel retire to their quarters comforted only by their silent prayers. While Firien struggles to find the warmth of *Bahamut*'s wings, Bantonio dreams of a horizon free of Miasma. The distant sunrise bathes verdant grass in golden light as if the Morninglord himself were reaching out. Conversely, when Arti closes his eyes, he once again finds himself in the Miasma. *Ten* appears as Arti circles the pillar. The warforged approaches with a thousand questions.

> "What will happen to the fibres in my chest when I replace my heart? Will they die?"
>
> "No. They were my gift to you. It has been so long since I had a friend to talk to."
>
> *Arti to Ten.*

Ten listens for what seems like hours. Arti's theories seem familiar to Ten, though their memories continue to elude them. They loom over Arti in an uncharacteristic fury when the warforged names them *Tenebrae*. They seem to grow in size as they cast a purple shadow over Arti. Fortunately, Ten is able to quell their rage and shies away apologetically.

> "That name does not belong to me."
>
> *Ten.*

## **996, Inceptum 15th**

Acting on their insight, Firien brings two coffees to the captain's quarters. As expected, they are greeted by an exhausted Grand Paladin. Spiro invites the dragonborn inside while Guy snores in the hammock opposite. Firien expresses their confidence in Aura, reassuring Spiro of her safety. The Grand Paladin becomes flustered when he explains how Firien's affections feel different to that of his fans.

> "Has anyone ever asked you if you're okay?"
>
> "Not like you do. You know, I never thanked you..."
>
> "For what?"
>
> "Your guidance during my crisis of faith. Your words helped a great deal."
>
> *Firien to Spiro.*

Having overslept, Arti gently knocks on *Glimback*'s door, seeking fatherly advice. The elderly gnome seems satisfied that Ten is trustworthy and proclaims that any friend of Arti's is a friend of his. When Arti holds his heart close, the fibres in his chest begin to reach out! Arti solicits an arcane assessment from Gomruss, who is perplexed by the fibres' plant-like behaviour. He recalls tales of *Anfarwol*'s armies being escorted by awakened trees, even legends of plant homunculi made to house forsaken souls. Before Arti can make a decision, *Tuperk* crows from the helm. The Verity was approaching an enormous and perpetual thunderstorm.

---

### **Next: [Session 45](session-45)**
### **Previous: [Session 43](session-43)**
