---
layout: post
title: Session 42 Breadcrumbs
---

## **996, Inceptum 11th**

The following morning, **Bantonio** invites *Owain* to participate in the monks' relaxing martial exercises. Though initially sceptical, the stressed sorcerer is soothed stretching his leporine limbs. In a surge of wild magic, Owain transforms back into a harengon! Owain shakes Bantonio's hand in thanks while **Arti** squeezes the breath from his lungs. The trio spend the morning trading theories. Owain praises Arti's intuition when he realises there should be no resonite in the Relief assuming Caelum's shield worked during the events of the Rising. Contrarily, the harengon notes that **Gomruss**' resonite staff has passed the threshold of the lantern shield numerous times without consequence.

After attempting to send an update to *Roshia*, Gomruss settles down to read his book of magical artefacts. He discovers a reference to the *Dooming Blade*. Some scholars believe the weapon of *Rex Sol Orbis* was procured by a cabal of fiends operating south of *Arx*, beyond the Miasma. A shiver runs down Gomruss' spine. Regardless, he shares the information with **Firien**. Recalling the tragedy of *Cor Sol Orbis*' ten-year battle with the disease that now bears his name, the dragonborn is inclined to believe that the Dooming Blade was aptly named. Arti's head spirals into multiple theories as further coincidences becomes apparent. Both he and his mother succumbed to Cor's disease, a hereditary ailment that even Saint *Lydia Iremia* could not cure.

## **996, Inceptum 12th**

While saying their morning prayers, Firien greets *Stoutmann* and learns that *Terrence* has been spending much of his time in his quarters. Firien knocks on Terry's door. Despite the crew's high morale, the young cleric is obviously distressed by the claustrophobic conditions aboard the *Verity*. He also admits to feeling inadequate compared to Firien, as they are the same age. Though they speak with a firm tone, Firien's logical reasoning brings comfort to their long-time friend. Meanwhile, the *Six of Steel* debate the spiritual and intellectual benefits of completing jigsaw puzzles.

## **996, Inceptum 13th**

**Guy**'s feather quivers as he directs his spyglass across the bow. A strange airship, twice the size of the Verity, lies derelict on a small, heathland earthmote. Raring to see the glorious vessel up close, Captain Brush orders *Tuperk* to approach. Much like the Verity, the ship has no envelope. Firien realises the ship must have propelled itself by magical means. Gomruss spots the name of the ship embossed on the hull in a curious circular script. He recognises it as tir'su, the writing system of the Gith language. The ship was a githyanki spelljammer!

### Githyanki Spelljammer

Stepping onto the spelljammer's deck, the landing party quickly realise that the ship—although in two equal halves—has been kept in pristine condition. The deck has been scrubbed and some of the woodwork repaired. Peering into the exposed hold, Firien catches a brief glimpse of a githyanki warrior preparing a dinner table. A voice jolts the party to attention. A githyanki kith'rak makes incomprehensible demands, prompting Firien to address him in draconic. Taken aback, the captain replies in draconic. Gomruss translates the conversation for the party's benefit.

> "More visitors. Have you come to ask a favour of the master?"
>
> "No. We were just passing through. Who is the master?"
>
> *Kith'rak to Firien.*

Bantonio offers a handshake, only for his hand to pass straight through the ghostly captain! The captain leads the party into the hold where they find the phantom crew hard at work. Before entering the dining hall, the captain winces in pain. He glares at Firien to impart a message before opening a hatch in the wall.

> "Kill the master. Only then will we be free. Please!"
>
> *Kith'rak.*

An enormous squid-like eye peers through the hatch to examine each of the party. The strange being's booming voice betrays its excitement. When questioned, the being freely divulges how it came to *Fio* hundreds of years ago during an *alignment*. Making its home inside the earthmote, it began wandering the Miasma in search of knowledge and treasure. It granted refuge to the marooned githyanki in exchange for their eternal servitude. The cogs turn in Gomruss' head. He realises the being they face is a powerful morkoth.

Hoping to leverage the morkoth's wealth of knowledge, Bantonio steps forward to ask after *Ten*. His friends stop him before he incurs any debts to the morkoth. Before the party take their leave, the morkoth attempts to entice them further by revealing its knowledge of the pillars.

> "Leaving so soon? Don't you want to know the location of the pillars?"
>
> "Oh, no that's old news. We'll be going now."
>
> *Morkoth to Firien.*

Frustrated, the morkoth seals the exit with a humongous tentacle. Though gracious in tone, it was clear the aberration's greed outweighed its principles. Guy steps forward with an idea. Perhaps they could offer the morkoth a new experience—a ship battle. The morkoth's undulating pupil dilates with excitement. It accepts Guy's challenge.

> "If we win, you set the githyanki free."
>
> "And if I win?"
>
> "You... get all 150 volumes of The Tales of Guybrush Threepwood!"
>
> "No! Not The Tales of Guybrush Threepwood!"
>
> *Guy to Morkoth. Arti and Bantonio improvise.*

---

### **Next: [Session 43](session-43)**
### **Previous: [Session 41](session-41)**
