---
layout: post
title: Session 38 Justice or Mercy—Part 1
---

## **996, Inceptum 4th**

**Gomruss** is woken by whispers in his mind. *Roshia* and *Tabitha* were trying to contact him! Concentrating on his mentor's distant voice, Gomruss can only discern several words. The Inquisition were making a move. The dragonborn dresses with haste and summons his friends. **Firien** drags *Spiro* into the heated discussion. **Arti** spies a tremor in the Grand Paladin's hand when he claims to know nothing of the Inquisition's plans. Though hesitant to speculate, Spiro admits that for a while he has suspected *Tristis* might attempt to overthrow his sister. Firien corroborates Spiro's suspicions, citing the recent withdrawal of missionaries from the Manyshells.

Spiro rubs his temples. He had ordered two battalions of Clerics and Paladins to the Manyshells in response to the rising tensions between the *CSCA* and the pirate factions. However, he did not know the Church was secretly sourcing basilisk venom. **Guy** strokes his chin. It was possible the Inquisition had been using the situation in the Manyshells to their advantage. Firien spots the perspiration on Spiro's brow and insists on examining him. The Grand Paladin's increasing stress had aroused a tint of purple in his eyes. He was in the first stages of Miasma psychosis. Firien temporarily relieves Spiro of his duties, prescribing a day of rest.

## **996, Inceptum 5th**

**Bantonio** fidgets in his hammock. A cold sweat overwhelms him as the events of the last few days replay in his mind. His skin itches as he feels the weight of Caelum's hands on his shoulders. He leaps out of bed, desperate for air. On deck, *Blue-Belly* approaches Bantonio, concerned. Bantonio tells the lizardfolk about his meeting with Caelum, and laments his years of blind faith. Blue-Belly offers to sit with Bantonio in a guided meditation, and the pair share wisdom in the wee hours. Bantonio embraces the soft-spoken monk in thanks.

> "No, really? So if you got enough people together to believe in a god, would that god then spring into existence?"
>
> "It's what some choose to believe. In our eternal quest for identity and community, we share our values through stories. If I told you about Sylvanus, would he not be real simply by virtue of our shared knowledge? Faith is not about worshipping some omniscient being, it's about what values you choose to uphold. It's about what brings you hope."
>
> *Bantonio to Blue-Belly.*

As Captain Brush stands vigil on the journey's fifth day, his duty begins to weigh heavily on his shoulders. It was becoming increasingly difficult to keep his crew safe with so many distractions. Guy catches himself snapping at Gomruss, criticising his infuriating pronunciations. He submits himself to Firien for a private examination. When Firien discovers the beginnings of psychosis in his eyes, they relieve him of duty. Embarrassed, Guy requests he attend the sick bay with a minor injury to obfuscate his psychosis from the crew. Unflinching, Firien drags their claw down Guy's arm and suggests he join Spiro in a therapeutic gardening session.

## **996, Inceptum 6th**

While Guy and Arti calculate the altitude required to conceal the *Verity* from the horn thieves, **Blythe** spies something curious from the crow's nest. Twelve makeshift gliders form a line on an earthmote below. They appear to have crashed at regular intervals. With no sign of the pilots, Guy concludes the gliders must have been dumped from a drifting earthmote. Captain Brush orders a pursuit course, using the line of gliders as reference.

As the sun begins to set, Blythe spots the glow of another shielded settlement. Dilapidated wooden shelters for approximately forty people are protected by clumsily imitated magical runes carved into the surrounding coniferous trees. With the exception of several humans on guard, the settlement seems deserted. Guy spots a worrying number of hastily dug graves on the outskirts of town. Fearing the settlers may try to hijack the Verity, Guy suggests the landing party descend via rope ladder and approach the town entrance.

### Shielded Settlement

Four dishevelled humans meet the landing party at the entrance, brandishing tarnished weapons. As a gesture of peace, Firien casts create food and water. The settlers immediately begin stuffing their faces with crusty bread, swilling it down with fresh water. The settlers become wary once more when Firien reveals they came from the *Shielded Forest*. Before they can conclude negotiations, a scream rings out from inside the town.

---

### **Next: [Session 39](session-39)**
### **Previous: [Session 37](session-37)**
