---
layout: post
title: Campaign Log Session 0
published: false
---

### Firien Madizos

*Blake Dale-Smith*

**Race:** Dragonborn (Brass), +2 WIS, +1 STR
**Background:** Guild Artisan
**Class**: Cleric (Tempest)

| STR | DEX | CON | INT | WIS | CHA |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 16  | 10  | 13  | 10  | 18  | 13  |
| +3  | 0   | +1  | 0   | +4  | +1  |

**Armour class:** 16 (chain mail) +2 (shield) = 18
**Saving throws:** WIS, CHA
**Spell DC:** 8 +4 (WIS) +2 (prof) = 14
**Passive perception:** 10 +4 (WIS) = 14

Firien Madizos has been studying at the Church of Caelum for six months after receiving powers from Bahamut in a time of need. They are on their way back to Caelum's Landing after visiting their parents' bakery on Madanau to take part in the Guilds Exhibition.

### Gomruss Yardos Bandorul

*Ethan Dale-Smith*

**Race:** Dragonborn (Gold)
**Background:** Gambler
**Class:** Wizard (graviturgy)

| STR | DEX | CON | INT | WIS | CHA |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 12  | 13  | 16  | 18  | 8   | 11  |
| +1  | 1   | +3  | +4  | -1  | 0   |

**Armour class:** 11
**Saving throws:** INT, WIS
**Spell DC:** 14
**Passive perception:** 9

After inventing the popular game of River but forgetting to file a patent, Gomruss is trying to make a living in the Relief. He has already been kicked out of the University and several arcane guilds for being annoying. Seen as gambling has been unable to sustain his lifestyle, he is now on his way to the guilds exhibition to find a new job.

### Arti

*Josie*

**Race:** Warforged (Juggernaut)
**Background:** Investigator
**Class:** Barbarian (beast)

| STR | DEX | CON | INT | WIS | CHA |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 17  | 12  | 15  | 10  | 12  | 6   |
| +3  | +1  | +2  | 0   | +1  | -2  |

**Armour class:** 18
**Saving throws:** STR, CON
**Spell DC:** N/A
**Passive perception:** 13

Arti was lost in the Miasma and is trying to discover where their powers come from. They have found their way to the Relief where they will try to discover a new group to fulfil their need to protect. Their rage seems to block their memories. Uses a flail lantern similar to those used by the Order of the Lantern. Dressed like a plague doctor. Goes into sentry mode to sleep.

### ???

*Oak*

**Race:** Half-Elf
**Background:** Investigator
**Class:** Ranger (Gloomstalker)

| STR | DEX | CON | INT | WIS | CHA |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  7  | 17  | 11  |  9  | 12  | 14  |
| -2  | +3  | +0  | -1  | +1  | +2  |

**Armour class:** 17
**Saving throws:** STR & DEX
**Spell DC:**
**Passive perception:** 15

### Guy Brush

*Joe*

**Race:** Half-Elf
**Background:** Noble
**Class:** Swashbuckler

| STR | DEX | CON | INT | WIS | CHA |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 13  | 17  | 11  | 16  | 11  | 16  |
| +1  | +3  | 0   | +3  | 0   | +3  |

**Armour class:** 15
**Saving throws:** DEX, CHA
**Spell DC:** N/A
**Passive perception:** 12

### ???

*Rachael*

**Race:** Human
**Background:** Noble
**Class:** Fighter (Knight)

| STR | DEX | CON | INT | WIS | CHA |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 17  | 12  | 15  | 10  | 12  | 6   |
| +3  | +1  | +2  | 0   | +1  | -2  |

**Armour class:**
**Saving throws:**
**Spell DC:**
**Passive perception:**

An affair with the queen of a nation within the Church lead to his alleged death and assuming a new identity in order to make ends meet.
