---
layout: post
title: Session 7 They're Not Pirates—Part 1
---

### Crowswood Place

While **Arti** lies dormant in *Hadley*'s workshop, their memories become clearer as they begin to dream. A dense purple fog clouds their vision as they lie on stone cold ground. A diminutive figure approaches and crouches over them. The face of *Glimback Toestubber* fills their vision, tears in his eyes, his cheeks ruddy and weathered.

> "I'm so sorry, little one. I'll be back for you, I promise."
> 
> *Glimback to Arti.*

Unable to move, Arti sees Glimback lift the magical lantern from their chest and dart back into the Miasma. He and a group of six or more crows are being pursued by harrowing inhuman sounds. As Glimback moves away with the lantern, so does its sphere of influence, and Arti's vision is eventually consumed by the Miasma.

The next face Arti sees is unfamiliar, incomplete even. Within the confines of the dream Arti can only register an abnormally tall, lanky figure with long greasy hair that covers half of its green-tinted face. Arti is unsure how much time has passed since Glimback left. The figure looms over them and taps the alcove in their chest with long spindly fingers.

> "What have we here? Don't worry, little one. I'll take care of you."
> 
> *Mysterious figure to Arti.*

Arti is woken suddenly by Hadley; they have been asleep for almost two days. Hadley explains that she is hesitant to remove the magical fibres binding Arti's chest in case her plan to construct a new heart fails. Instead, she suggests Arti attempts to attune to one of her Lantern Flails; a weapon fashioned much in the same way as Arti's heart. If they succeed, they can be confident a new heart would work.

Hadley takes her leave so that Arti may use the workshop at their leisure. No matter how hard they try, they cannot attune to the flail. After an hour, Arti examines the room. Amongst gadgets and poultices, Arti finds Hadley's job board which lists several familiar names who have assigned tasks to Hadley. This gives Arti an idea. Perhaps they might find the strange figure in their dream in the Commission's records.

Arti makes their way to the main hall and is perplexed for a moment by the large engraved map of the Relief on the centre table. They approach and find where they exited the Miasma a fortnight ago. They take *Corvus*'s dagger and begin to etch what they remember into the map. Hadley and the other Crows gather around, astonished by the pioneering images of what lies beyond the Miasma.

While the Crows examine Arti's work, the warforged consults Hadley once more. She is kind enough to help Arti review the Commission's register in hopes they might recognise the figure from their dreams. Arti recognises several faces from their dream, all marked *missing*. The strange figure is not among them. With a renewed sense of duty, Arti questions Hadley about the dangers of the Miasma.

> "The Miasma has tides, much like the ocean. By the time of the spring equinox on Inceptum 1st, it'll be as far out west as it'll go. That's when we'll go if—and only if—we're ready."
> 
> "There is another way to traverse the Miasma."
> 
> *Lathraia eavesdrops on Hadley.*

Lathraia confides in Arti his plan for traversing the Miasma. While Hadley's lantern flails can disperse the Miasma in a limited radius, his own experiments have allowed him to infuse his blood with the Miasma itself, making him immune. Arti's keen insight tells them that this is a dangerous ritual, which is likely why *Adelaide* has forbidden it.

