---
layout: post
title: Rakshasa Tiefling (Race)
---

Descended from finery and excess, Tieflings of feline Rakshasa blood find themselves most at home in high society, where their natural guile and penchant for trickery aids in the elevation of their status.

##### **Tiefling Traits**

Tieflings share certain racial traits as a result of their infernal descent.

- **Ability Score Increase.** Increase one score by 2 and increase a different score by 1, or increase three different scores by 1.
- **Age.** Tieflings mature at the same rate as humans but live a few years longer.
- **Size.** Tieflings are about the same size and build as humans. Your size is Medium.
- **Speed.** Your base walking speed is 30 feet.
- **Languages.** You can speak, read, and write Common and one additional language of your choice.

##### **Darkvision**

Thanks to your infernal heritage, you have superior vision in dark and dim conditions. You can see in dim light within 60 feet of you as if it were bright light, and in darkness as if it were dim light. You can't discern colour in darkness, only shades of grey.

##### **Beastly Resistance**

Some of your ancestor's impervious nature has suffused itself in you. Select one damage type:  Fire, Lightning, or Cold. You have resistance to the chosen damage type.

##### **Legacy of Noblesse**

You know the *friends* cantrip. When you reach 3rd level, you can cast the *disguise self* spell once with this trait and regain the ability to do so when you finish a long rest. When you reach 5th level, you can cast the *suggestion* spell once with this trait and regain the ability to do so when you finish a long rest. Intelligence, Wisdom, or Charisma is your spell-casting ability for these spells when you cast them with this trait (choose when you select this race), they don't require components.
