---
layout: post
title: The Ministry
---

The Ministry serves as government for [Caelum's Landing](profundus#caelums-landing) and the [Church](church-of-caelum)'s many territories. Elected representatives from each territory meet in the *Ministerial Houses* to establish the demands of the people and how they will be met by law. Since the creation of the *Fundus Constitution* in [416 PO](timeline#416-po), the Chairman of the Ministry must present new laws to the Exarch for sanction. There is some speculation as to how much power the Church has over proceedings in the Ministerial Houses, but the current Chairman [Emil Hartmann](#emil-hartmann) maintains that the Ministry works solely for the betterment of the people.

### Roles

- **Chairman** is the title given to the mediator in the proceedings of government, functionally making them the head of the Ministry. Elected by fellow ministers, the chairman presents new laws to the Exarch for sanction. The current chairman is Emil Hartmann.

- **Ministers** are the elected representatives of a province or territory allied with the Church. They voice the demands of the people in the *Ministerial Houses*.

### Notable Members

##### **Emil Hartmann**

Ministry Chairman.

##### **Artifex Calligo**

Minister of Ingenium, creator of cable cars and flying machines.

### Other Members

- **Lethiah Khan** tabaxi careers adviser.

### Historical Members

- **Anselm Chlodovech** ended the first Sol Orbis dynasty, founded the Fundus Republic in 351 PO.
- **Ewalt Niemann** successor to Chlodovech, overthrown by Auga Vigil in 416 PO.
- **Klemens Frey** first Chairman of the Ministry.

# Inland Guard

The Inland Guard is the public police service headquartered at Caelum's Landing. Funded by the Ministry, the greater number of guards compared to Church Clerics allows for more efficient policing of [Fundus](profundus#fundus) and the [Innermotes](profundus#the-innermotes).

### Ranks

- Chief Constable
- Superintendent
- Inspector
- Sergeant
- Constable

### Notable Members

- **Rosalind Armbruster** Human Chief Constable of the Inland Guard.
- **Michael Denover** Upstart human constable.
