---
layout: post
title: Session 0 Meet the Party
---

### Prologue

Almost 1,000 years ago, in a bid for power, the fiend [Tenebrae](getting-started#tenebrae) conducted a dark ritual to grow the skeleton of a colossal war machine from the very earth beneath [Discidium](discidium). Flying high above the *Oratory*, [Caelum Sol Orbis](getting-started#caelum-sol-orbis), Grand Paladin, watched in horror as [Mundi Eversor](getting-started#mundi-eversor) erupted from the ground and strode toward [Profundus](profundus) leaving volcanic ash in its wake. So great was Eversor in size that it seemed to rise from the horizon as great chunks of earth crumbled away from its metallic form.

Caelum and his winged paladins soared across the [Altum Ocean](profundus#altum-ocean) to intercept the colossus. Engulfed in a radiant inferno, Caelum ascended to deliver a final blow to Eversor. The dark heart of Eversor exploded, releasing the [Miasma](getting-started#the-miasma), a harrowing purple fog that would engulf the land for centuries to come. The magical shock-wave enchanted deposits of [resonite](getting-started#resonance-engines) in the earth and the land began to fracture and rise, creating the [earthmotes](exploration#earthmotes). As a fissure opened up around his home, Caelum stood at its centre and raised his wings. A mighty golden shield grew around Profundus, holding back the Miasma as the world transformed forever.

It is the 14th day of Roscidas, 996 PO, nearly one millennium after the *Rising*. Winter is coming to an end and six adventurers now make their way to Caelum's Landing via the *Calligo Way*, the network of powered cable cars and zip lines that connect [Fundus](profundus#fundus) to the [Innermotes](profundus#the-innermotes).

### Firien Madizos (Blake)

- **Race:** Dragonborn (Brass), Non-binary
- **Class:** Cleric (Tempest)
- **Background:** Guild Artisan

A brass pillar of [Madanau](profundus#madanau)'s community, Firien Madizos received the divine blessing of *Bahamut* six months ago when their home was attacked by fiends from the [Miasma](getting-started#the-miasma). Consigned to studying at the *Oratory* among the Caelumites, they have been asked to help staff the *Guilds Exhibition* on [Caelum's Landing](profundus#caelums-landing). Perhaps these pastries from home will help placate the crowd.

### Gomruss Yardos Bandorul (Ethan)

- **Race:** Dragonborn (Gold), Male
- **Class:** Wizard (Graviturgy)
- **Background:** Gambler

Gomruss Yardos Bandorul found brief but bountiful success after inventing the popular game [Dice Monarchs](river). Unfortunately, his penchant for gambling has landed him in tremendous debt. Rejected by *Caelum's Landing University* and several arcane guilds, Gomruss is on his way to the Guilds Exhibition in hopes of finding a new job; a difficult task with debt collectors on your golden tail.

### Arti (Josie)

- **Race:** Warforged, Non-binary
- **Class:** Barbarian (Beast)
- **Background:** Investigator

A hulking automaton with the guise of a plague doctor, Arti has few memories to their name. They awoke in the Miasma not a fortnight ago with only a curious lantern and flashes of their master's face to guide them. They have made their way to the [Relief](getting-started#the-relief) in hopes of finding the key to unlocking their memories. An alcove in their chest seems to suggest a part of them is missing.

### Blythe Nettleford (Oak)

- **Race:** Half-Elf, Female
- **Class:** Ranger (Gloom Stalker)
- **Background:** Investigator

An amateur detective from [Tenebrae's Refuge](profundus#tenebraes-refuge), this sly half-elf is headed to Caelum's Landing, hot on the trail of a missing person. *Naal Berevan*, a young and ambitious herald of Caelum, has not written to his family in months. Perhaps they could make enquiries at the Guilds Exhibition. This case might hold the key to proving their conspiracy theory.

### *Guy Brush* (Joe)

- **Race:** Half-Elf, Male
- **Class:** Rogue (Swashbuckler)
- **Background:** Noble

Disenchanted with his life as a noble from the [Kingdom of Diamante](montanum#kingdom-of-diamante), this dashing half-elf has thrown his lot in with a crew of pirates from the [Manyshells](contritus#the-manyshells). Having disappointed his captain, [Bhaldrom Anchorheart](confederacy-of-privateers#bhaldrom-anchorheart), for a final time, Brush has been given an ultimatum: retrieve a resonance pistol for his clamorous captain, or face the wrath of *Umberlee*.

### *Bantonio Anderas* (Rachael)

- **Race:** Human, Male
- **Class:** Fighter (Battle Master)
- **Background:** Noble

The philandering third child of a noble family, this recently inducted knight of the [Diamond Guard](diamond-guard) was caught having an affair with Queen [Carina Diamante IV](kingdom-of-diamante#carina-diamante-IV). Though requited, his love for her inevitably led him to the business end of [Rafael de Florencia](kingdom-of-diamante#rafael-de-florencia)'s rapier. Having secretly survived his fall from the castle balcony, the battle master must now adopt a new identity to travel the Relief. Perhaps he might find a fresh start on Caelum's Landing.

---

### **Next: [Session 1](session-1)**
