---
layout: post
title: Spells
---

### Bandorul's Lucky Weapon

*2nd-level transmutation*

- **Casting Time:** 1 bonus action
- **Range:** 30 feet
- **Components:** V, S
- **Duration:** Concentration, up to 1 hour

Choose one nonmagical weapon you can see within range. Until the spell ends, that weapon's damage die becomes a ***lucky die*** 1 rank higher than its normal damage die. If the weapon has 2 or more damage dice, they each become lucky dice. For example, 2d6 becomes 2d8. The maximum rank of a lucky die is d12.

***At Higher Levels.*** When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 4th level or higher, the bonus increases to 2 ranks higher. When you use a spell slot of 6th level or higher, the bonus increases to 3 ranks higher.

##### **Lucky Die**

| Damage die | Lucky die | 4th level | 6th level |
| ---------- | --------- | --------- | --------- |
| d4         | d6        | d8        | d10       |
| d6         | d8        | d10       | d12       |
| d8         | d10       | d12       |           |
| d10        | d12       |           |           |
| d12        |           |           |           |

### Double or Nothing

*1st-level divination*

- **Casting Time:** 1 reaction, which you take after making an attack roll
- **Range:** Self
- **Components:** V, S
- **Duration:** Instantaneous

Whenever you make an attack roll, you can use your reaction to roll an additional d20. You can cast this spell after you roll the die, but before the outcome is determined. You choose which of the d20s is used for the attack roll. If the attack hits, it becomes a critical hit. If the attack misses, you have disadvantage on your next attack roll. You cannot cast this spell in reaction to an attack roll that already has advantage or disadvantage.

### Joy's Mailed Mockery

*Enchantment cantrip*

- **Casting Time:** 1 action
- **Range:** Unlimited
- **Components:** S, M (ink and a sheet of parchment)
- **Duration:** Instantaneous

You scribble a string of insults laced with subtle enchantments onto a sheet of parchment. The parchment folds itself into a paper plane and flies toward the target. If the target opens the parchment, it must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or take 1d4 psychic damage and have disadvantage on the next attack roll it makes before the end of its next turn. This spell's damage increases by 1d4 when you reach 5th level (2d4), 11th level (3d4), and 17th level (4d4).
