---
layout: post
title: Session 6 Denover's Deal
---

The rain eases as the party arrive back at *Crowswood Place*. After handing the pteranodon wing leather to a grateful *Tupak*, they enter the foyer and hang their wet cloaks by the fire. **Bantonio** removes his shirt and wrings it out, drawing the wanton eye of *Doom*. **Gomruss** then removes his clothes, causing Doom to recoil. Before they do however, the tiefling barbarian hands a letter to Gomruss: a ***200 gold*** fine for the 15 square feet of corn he flattened.

In the main hall, **Blythe** spots Constable *Michael Denover* speaking with *Adelaide* and quickly dons a brilliant elderly disguise, introducing herself as *Sol Veditte*. Fortunately, the constable is unable to see through the disguise. **Firien** delivers their report to Adelaide and rightfully informs Denover of the lighthouse keeper's death. Blythe, however, chooses to withhold the evidence she took from the lighthouse. Denover intends to inform *Kurt*'s next of kin, unaware of Blythe's investigation.

The constable then reveals his reason for seeking out the party. Having received his missing badge from Adelaide, Denover is willing to forgo arresting the apparently absent *Casey Closed* in favour of offering the party a job. After all, were his superiors to find out about the theft of his badge, it may result in disciplinary action.

Interrogating the captured zip-pirates has revealed the location of their hideout. The pirates had planned to parachute to an earthmote below the cable car once they had retrieved the occupants' valuables. However, the earthmote is headed north into the Miasma, meaning the pirates must evacuate soon. The job requires a stealthy approach, so Denover recommends the party head to *Caelum's Landing University* to achieve their glider proficiency.

The party agrees and Denover takes his leave. Meanwhile, *Oscar* speaks with Doom, quietly offering his share of the bounty to the party. Doom agrees and issues the party with ***120 Gold*** each. 
