---
layout: post
title: Dungeon Master's Notes
published: false
---

- **Bantonio** will escort Adniss to the park to meet her friends. Bantonio will avoid the Caelum's Landing University stall as he may be recognised. *Isabela*, his sister, is a Professor of Philosophy there.

- **Blythe** may ask about *Naal Berevan* at the Church stall. Grevik heard rumours Naal joined the Inquisition. He hasn't seen Naal since. **Firien** might also know this.

- Blythe may ask about Naal at the Oratory. She will be directed to speak with *Patrocinor Mors*, the Grand Herald, or one of the other heralds. Blythe will need to ***persuade*** them to reveal that Naal joined the Inquisition.

- If able to search Naal's quarters, Blythe may find correspondence that points to a meeting place. A *Crosscut Circle* symbol may appear both on the letters and at the meeting place (Naal is currently on an undercover mission inside the Circle).

Finally arriving at the Guilds Exhibition, Blythe and Bantonio are greeted by a wave of excitement as the Spirit Temple performance begins. The monks, clad in saffron robes, weave their martial arts together with dance as drums beat an invigorating rhythm. A narrator tells the story of a great warrior who became greedy and was defeated by a humble farmer who knew the land. The monks use their abilities to leap high into the air and produce plumes of red petals to punctuate their strikes. The crowd applauds as the villain is defeated and the monks take a bow.

- Blythe hears the local Bounty Hunters lodge is preparing for an archery competition. *Cylaros* the szarkai (albino drow) champion will accept challenges.

- Blythe and Bantonio encounter **Firien**, **Arti**, **Gomruss** and **Guy** just as they exit *The Dragon's Chalice*. *Michael Denover* questions Blythe's whereabouts. Fortunately, he does not see her.

- The party will make their way to *Crowswood Place* to learn more about Arti. They may be waylaid by ***Psychotic Pteranodon*** roosting in the nearby lighthouse. If needed, they can be rescued by members of the *Commission*. *Hadley Pinchbrew* will recognise Arti and ask where *Glimback* is.

The party arrive at Crowswood Place escorted by Hadley and two other Crows. The stately manor home is situated amidst the verdant rolling hills of western Fundus. The hardwood log construction and well maintained gardens create a cosy atmosphere. The manor is large enough to accommodate rookie and veteran Commission members alike, some of whom can be seen using navigation equipment and practising swordplay. Inside, the reception area leads to a grand hall where the Crows are gathered around a meeting table. The veteran members recognise Arti and crowd around them.

*Adelaide Burkhart*, the Commission's chief, approaches and once again asks Arti where Glimback is. The name is familiar to Arti but they cannot place it. Adelaide explains that Arti was constructed by the Commission's founder, Glimback Toestubber, to be a guide when exploring the Miasma. The alcove in their chest once housed a magical lantern, Arti's heart, that could disperse the Miasma and provide light and protection from the creatures within.

Unfortunately, Glimback, Arti and a team of Crows were lost in the Miasma when an expedition went wrong just over a year ago. Arti is surprised to discover this, as they only woke up for the first time a fortnight ago. When Hadley examines Arti closer, she discovers that repairs have been made to the alcove in Arti's chest. New unfamiliar magical fibres are present, connecting and apparently powering Arti's components. According to her, Glimback could not have repaired Arti in this manner. Adelaide suggests Arti stay at Crowswood Place until they can discover what happened to Arti.

- Without Arti's Heart, Arti is unable to attune to their Lantern Flail.





##### **Gomruss Gets Attacked**

- 2-4 drunken ***Thugs*** attack Gomruss when they recognise him. Gomruss owes the leader 50 gold.
- Thugs use ***Pack tactics.*** Unarmed strikes only unless the party retaliates with a weapon or magic.

##### **Fight at Pirate Drop-Off**

*Michael Denover* may track down the party hoping to retrieve his badge, stolen by Blythe. Rather than press charges, he asks for help in taking the remaining pirates into custody. Their drop-off point was an earthmote below the Calligo Way, now drifting north.

- 2d12 location
- 5-7 **Bandits** with *zip-wheels (3d4 bludgeoning. Ammunition (15 ft. cone), loading, two-handed.)*
- 2 **Bandit captains** with *pistols (1d10 piercing, ammunition (30/90 ft.), loading)*
- Pirates will try to load the cargo onto their airship and flee

##### **The Road to Crowswood**

- 4-6 **Pteranodon CR 1** aberrations with 6 levels of psychosis: disadvantage on attacks and saves, speed and hit points **10-14** (halved), must attack nearest creature.
- Creature's attacks require constitution saving throw DC 13 to avoid gaining a level of psychosis.
- **Bite.** +3 to hit, 5d4+1 piercing. **Vomit.** DEX Save DC 13, 15 ft. cone, 3d4 poison.
- Members of the Commission may arrive to reinforce the party: ***First Year Student (Wizard)***, ***Drow Scout*** and *Hadley Pinchbrew* an artificer wizard

***Hadley Pinchbrew***

- 31 hit points
- Pistol (1d10 piercing, ammunition (30/90 ft.), loading) +4 to hit. Powder ignites and produces multicoloured smoke.
- Fire Bolt (1d10 fire) +4 to hit.
- Healing Word (1d4+4 healing (60 ft.)).
- Ray of Sickness (2d8 poison, (60ft.)), CON save DC = 14, poisoned on failed save until end of your next turn.

##### **Bounty: Creatures at the Lighthouse**

Psychotic Pteranodon migrated from the Miasma are roosting in north-east Fundus lighthouse, past airfield. They have become aberrations with purple eyes and pallid skin.

- 6-8 **Pteranodon CR 1** aberrations with 6 levels of psychosis: disadvantage on attacks and saves, speed and hit points **10-14** (halved), must attack nearest creature.
- Creature's attacks require constitution saving throw DC 13 to avoid gaining a level of psychosis.
- **Bite.** +3 to hit, 5d4+1 piercing. **Vomit.** DEX Save DC 13, 15 ft. cone, 3d4 poison.
- If night time, lighthouse light turns 180 degrees each round





# Quests

## Become an Acolyte of Caelum

1. **Prove yourself** to receive Caelum's divine power and receive the Exarch's summons.
2. **Take the oath** to become an acolyte of Caelum.
3. **Fulfil your divine duties** at your assigned territory: heal the wounded, pacify troublemakers, spread the word of Caelum.
  - *Optional*: **Sneak into the vault** in search of the truth behind Caelum's ascension.
4. **Achieve the rank of Cleric** and battle forces that would seek to destroy Caelum's influence.
5. **Join an expedition** to an uncharted earthmote and help the Commission establish a settlement.
  - *Optional*: **Become Chaplain** of the settlement's new parish.
6. **Enter the vault** to discover the truth behind Caelum's ascension.
  - *Optional*: **Confront the Prefect** about the revelation and depose the Church.
  - *Optional*: **Become an Inquisitor** to hunt down those who would expose the secret.

## Join the Inland Guard

1. **Achieve the rank of Constable** by completing your training.
2. **Patrol the streets** of Caelum's Landing, protect citizens, fight crime and prejudice.
3. **Detain Zipper Pirates** to uncover the location of stolen goods.
4. **Follow leads** to uncover a clandestine alchemist ring.
  - *Optional*: **Lead a raid** on the alchemist hideout.
  - *Optional*: **Go undercover** to expose the ringleader.
5. **Discover the source** of the exotic ingredients and their purpose.
6. **Inform the Chief Constable** of your discovery.
  - *Optional*: **Join the alchemist ring** and get a cut of the profits.

## Join the Commission

1. **Join an expedition** to an uncharted earthmote and help the Commission establish a settlement.
2. **Complete your training** and become an official Crow.
  - *Optional*: **Move into Crowswood Place** and make it your new home.
3. **Prospect new lands**, unearth ancient ruins, delve into caves in search of rare materials, tame and catalogue monsters.
4. **Rescue an expedition** lost in the Miasma.
  - *Optional*: **Expose the secret** of the Commission's ability to traverse the Miasma.
  - *Optional*: **Perform the ritual** to become a blood hunter and join the Order of the Lantern.
5. **Discover ancient landmarks** and activate mysterious stone pillars to disperse the Miasma. Receive visions of the past.
6. **Find all the pillars** to assemble all the visions and piece together the truth behind the Rising.

## Join the Crosscut Circle

1. **Publicly criticise the Church** by joining a protest to make yourself known to the Cult.
2. **Get captured** by the cult and convince them to recruit you.
  - *Optional*: **Report your capture** to the Prefect.
3. **Sabotage and steal** from the Church.
4. **Sneak into the vault** in search of the truth behind Caelum's ascension.
  - *Optional*: **Lay a trap** for the cultists in the vault.
5. **Find a translator** who can read the book you stole from the vault.
6. **Find Tenebrae**.
