---
layout: post
title: Session 10 New Blood
---

**Gomruss** explains to **Guy** his role in the tournament and so the pirate—still slightly hungover—wanders around *Crowswood Place* in search of training. He discovers the locked door to *Hadley*'s workshop and picks the lock, unnoticed. Inside, Guy tries his hand at unlocking the drawer beneath a bubbling glass still. The drawer clicks, revealing several iterations of Arti's technical drawings. Hearing footsteps, Guy quickly replaces the drawings and locks the drawer. He fails to lock the door behind him as *Corvus* nods to him in passing.

Outside, **Bantonio** solicits *Tupak* for use of a glider so that he might train for the tournament. Spotting **Blythe**, Bantonio suggests the half-elf use his glider as more challenging target practice. Diving from the tower, Bantonio builds enough speed to touch two targets but misses the last as he has to correct his balance. Blythe is able to hit Bantonio's glider twice. In the library, while Gomruss further revises riddles, Arti trains for the strength challenge by lifting *Subira* so she can return some books to the higher shelves.

***The party each have advantage on 3 ability checks of their choice during the tournament.***

### Bounty Hunters Lodge

The rain eases as the party take an hour to walk to the *Sun District* where they find rival adventuring teams training on the playing field outside the *Bounty Hunters Lodge*. Gomruss spies the wizard *Tabitha* and her team, *The Feywild Ones*; *Elaina Thistlewind*, the elf rogue who slapped Gomruss the night before; *Cylaros*, a Szarkai ranger; and *Cade Beckonhand*, dwarf fighter and son of *Kurt*, the former lighthouse keeper. Spying Cade, Blythe prepares a new disguise. Bantonio also spots his opponent for the gliding challenge, *Buddleja*, a fairy Cleric with the wings of a monarch butterfly. The party meet *Vigor*, the statuesque tiefling hosting the tournament, and each pay the entry fee of ***20 gold***. Vigor explains the rules of the tournament, then asks for the party's team name.

> "Guy Brush and the... Brushlings!"
>
> "I don't want to be a Brushling."
>
> *Guy's suggestion is rejected by Blythe.*

After some debate, the party sign up as *The Six of Steel*. While Bantonio helps the other adventurers prepare the playing field, Guy speaks with a referee in hopes of catching a glimpse of their clipboard. He is able to read a description of the three people from whom he must steal a key. He only has time to read a single word of Gomruss' first riddle, *lightning*, which he shares with the confused dragonborn.

Meanwhile, Blythe dons her new bright blue wig and monocle and introduces herself to Cade as *Meg Nifying-Lass*. She claims to be an old friend of Kurt's and a fellow lighthouse keeper. Despite Cade's apparent indifference to his father's death, Blythe is able to identify the dwarf's innocence. According to Cade, Kurt became distant after the death of his wife (Cade's mother). The two were once pirates and enjoyed many treasure hunts together.

> "He used to give us these puzzles to find treasure around the house. I thought he might do something like that in his will, but he never made one."
>
> *Cade opens up to Blythe.*

Cade was confused by the circumstances of his father's death. Constable *Denover* reported that the pteranodons pushed Kurt through the lighthouse window, but Cade realises that the lighthouse would have had to be switched off for the light-sensitive monsters to approach. Cade also considers his father might have committed suicide, unable to contain his grief. He does not suspect his introverted cousin, but admits to not knowing *Silas* very well. **Firien** notes that Cade did not seem panicked by the lack of will.

Invigorated by a workout building barricades for the final, Bantonio seeks to cool off in the Bounty Hunters Lodge. He takes a copy of the *Bounty Hunters Codex*, the guild's strict rules of engagement, and examines the lodge's leader board. After purchasing a keyring from the gift shop, he spies Gomruss reading a newspaper in the waiting room. An article in the newspaper catches Bantonio's eye. Gomruss must quickly conceal the romance novel he took from *Westpoint Lighthouse* before handing over the newspaper. The article warns of tensions rising in the *Kingdom of Diamante* as protests for independence arise in several of the Kingdom's vassal states. Just as Bantonio tries to quell his rising anxiety, a bell clangs outside to signal the start of the tournament!

### Playing Field

Guy is the first to step up alongside his opponents. Among them is the majestic yet cunning Elaina. Each challenger is given a chest to unlock. Fortunately, Guy can spot the key-bearers in the crowd. On the sound of the bell Guy darts into the crowd! With adept manoeuvring Guy is able to swipe the key from his first target unnoticed. He looks around for Elaina but she has vanished. The second key gives him little trouble. Sensing he's ahead, Guy opts to steal a decoy key to quash the referees' suspicions. Patting his pockets at every opportunity to ensure he has not been pick-pocketed, Guy spies the final key-bearer. He opts to bump into his target, but the bright pink firbolg's layered fur and robes prove too difficult for Guy's sleight of hand. Instead, Guy darts out of the crowd and hides behind a barricade to pick the final lock. The lock clicks and Guy raises the two flags he finds inside!

> "We have a winner! Guy Brush of The Six of Steel gets a decisive victory and two flags for the tournament final!"
>
> *Vigor announces Guy's victory.*

---

### **Next: [Session 11](session-11)**
### **Previous: [Session 9](session-9)**
