---
layout: post
title: The Six of Steel Origins—Firien
published: false
---

Living in a desert oasis was not easy. One had to stay hydrated, keep the sun off one's scales, and work extra hard to nurture crops. That being said, Firien was probably amongst the happiest of the few villagers that had chosen to make a life here. Rather, had chosen to remain here. It was no secret that many villagers had succumbed to the allure of a more prosperous life on Caelum's Landing, and abandoned this ancient watering hole altogether. But if this place was good enough for their parents, it was good enough for them. It wasn't all bad. They didn't mind the heat, and they enjoyed working at their parents' bakery. They had made their name producing artisan pastries with the very spices that the oasis was famous for exporting. They even baked their goods with their own fiery breath. In fact, their bakery was one of the few businesses still flourishing in this increasingly desolate land. Today, Firien was to pay a visit to a friend on the far side of the oasis, who supplied fresh wheat for the bakery.

Firien is a relatively common sight in Madanau, walking back and forth running errands for their parents and helping with whatever is needed. It is also because they are kind of hard to miss; a tall, broad-shouldered lean dragonborn, scaled a green-tinted brass with burnished shocks of rusty orange. Their impressive crest of horns catches the unforgiving sun in these wondrous colours as they walk across town. Despite its dilapidated state, it is somewhat uncharitable to call Madanau a village. Though a small town, it circles the entire oasis and the lush vegetation it begets. If you want to get anywhere you either have to walk around or take a canoe across. It's no small pond, that's for sure, but it's nonetheless a sleepy locale. Unless you're Firien Madizos, who always seems ready for the day. It's a shame to see Madanau reduced to its current state given—by all accounts—it's been here since the beginning. Some even say that Firien's family line came here along with the town; it would certainly explain why they like it so much.

There is a spring in Firien's step as the weather isn't so harsh today. They catch the attention of a few familiar faces as they walk the southern path around the oasis. Many made their houses on the shores and had constructed small jetties from which they could fish or launch their canoes. Madanau was never short of fish, for at the very bottom of the oasis lay a portal to the elemental plane of water. This was not uncommon among the known earthmotes, but none produced quite such gemstone aquamarine water as on Madanau. Firien receives a few waves from the local fishermen, and a nod from an old man in a rocking chair on his porch. Before long, Phinny's farmhouse comes into view. Firien knew to give a shout before knocking, as their friend might be milling about the wheat field. Firien looks around first. They don't see anyone, but still they take a deep breath and are sure to project their voice as much as they can.

"Hey Phinny! You in or out!?" Firien then knocks on the door. The door opens and Firien is greeted by Lora, a buxom elf of middling age, and wife to his friend, Phinny. She carries their infant child in a papoose around her neck.

"Hey Firien, good to see you. Phinny is just checking on the wheat. Say hi, Kiho." The elven child makes grabby hands at his mother's finger while staring at Firien.

"Hi, Lora. Hey there Kiho, you being good?" Firien lowers their head slightly in an instinctive effort to appear smaller, looking down at the child with eyes that glimmer like fiery topazes. They smile. "Understood, I'm in no rush. How's the day treating you?" Kiho, as always, is completely fascinated by Firien's big orange face. The child reaches out to boop Firien's snoot.

"Rather well, thank you. The last couple of days haven't been the right humidity for harvesting the wheat, but I suspect today..."

"Is that Firien?" A pattering of footsteps and Phinny's head appears from around the back of the farmhouse. "Firien! We've gotta do it now! Are you ready?"

"Whoa, someone's lit a fire under you today. Is everything okay?" Firien straightens up again and walks over to Phinny. At their full height, they are notably taller than their friends, and in addition to their horns they have a surprisingly strong presence for the child of bakers. Even so, Phinny approaches the dragonborn as an old friend.

"Better than good! It's the perfect day for harvesting. Look!" With a touch of magic, the sprightly elf scrunches up a head of wheat in his palms and makes what little moisture comes out float at his fingertip. "I've been waiting for weeks to harvest this crop cos the humidity just hasn't been right. But now it's perfect. I want to do the whole lot! Are you up for it?"

"The whole lot?" Firien turns to look at the field before them, and huffs in amusement. "Well, looks like you have your work cut out for you. Fortunately, I don't have much else to do today. Where do we start?"

"Grab a scythe!" Many of the farms on Madanau used traditional methods for harvesting and threshing. This was partly due to the expense and lack of available machines, but mostly because the local farmers enjoyed their work. In any case, farmers had to watch the yield of crops they were able to produce, lest their tax threshold rise with it. An increasingly hot topic on Caelum's Landing it seems. If you were fortunate enough to work on Phinny's farm, you could add a little extra magic to your work. The excitable elf had enchanted many of his tools himself. As Firien cut down the wheat, they found the grain separated itself from the straw and deposited itself magically in their bag. After an hour and several trips to empty their bags, Firien, Phinny, Lora and a couple of farm hands had created ten neat rows of loose straw. They had completed a third of the crop. Phinny wipes his brow. "Phew! How is everyone doing? Anyone need a break?"

"I'm feeling good, thank you." The young dragonborn does not seem to be winded by their efforts. Perhaps it's because of their stature, or that they are just very well fitted to the otherwise harsh environment, but they seem right at home and content to continue their work. Indeed, Firien is often open to help others with their work no matter what, so long as they aren't busy. It's just as common to see them running errands or helping with their neighbours' labour as it is to see them helping out at the family bakery. The only place one would be hard-pressed to find Firien is the local Church of Caelum.

"Of course you are. Let me rephrase... I'm going to take a break, would anyone like a cold pineapple juice?"

"Well if there's cold pineapple juice on the table, I could take a quick break." Firien turns to follow Phinny and Lora to the farm house, but pauses when they hear a rustling amongst the wheat. Looking around, they can see a small dimple in the wheat where a bird of some kind must have landed. Firien stops and looks over. They squint at the area. "Phinny? Have you been having any trouble with animals lately?" Phinny pauses half way to the house.

"Animals? No more than usual. The scarecrows do their job." A shiver makes its way up Firien's spine as they swear they hear the patch of wheat cackle. Firien's grip on their scythe tightens, and their tail curls into a tight, anxious knot behind them at the noise.

"There's something in the field. It doesn't sound friendly." Phinny waves at the two farm hands to stop reaping. Lora, having not heard Firien, has stepped back inside to prepare the juice. Phinny and the farm hands remain quiet as they watch Firien inspect the patch of wheat. A wrinkled, bald, red scalp pops up above the wheat. Next, a pair of fiery eyes and a long hooked nose. A hellish imp launches into the air and, with a cackle, releases a firebolt into the wheat! Under the blazing sun, the dry wheat quickly catches fire, and a halo of flame rapidly begins to infest the crop.

"What the- oh shit! Honey!? Honey, get the hose!"

"What did you say, sweet- oh crap!" Phinny scrambles towards the water pump while Lora unravels the hose. The imp beams smugly at Firien. Firien grimaces in turn, and for a brief moment a flutter of flame can be seen between their teeth. No, that'll only make the problem worse. Instead, they opt to rush the creature, swinging upward with the scythe in their hand. Unfortunately, the imp keeps fluttering up higher as Firien tries to irritate the damn thing. But that's fine. So long as it's distracted. Despite the long reach of the scythe, the imp remains just out of reach, cackling at Firien's attempts to cut it down. As the imp blows raspberries at the dragonborn, Phinny and Lora successfully connect up the hose and the farmhands begin pumping. Phinny darts back over to where the flames spread and quells what flames he can by spraying the crop with water. The imp prepares another firebolt for the field.

"I don't think so." This time, Firien leaps up and translates their momentum into their swing. The humble farming scythe becomes an instrument of doom, shearing straight through one of the imp's spindly wings and catching its arm, bringing it down to the ground with a thud. The imp's body crushes the wheat beneath it, and the fertile sand begins to soak up its blood. Firien looks over to Phinny who has managed to douse the flames. A black, smoking circle remains, about twelve foot in diameter. The damage could have been a lot worse, all things considered. Phinny wipes his brow and puffs out his cheeks.

"Bloody hellspawn. You alright, Firien?" Phinny looks over to see Firien kicking the imp to make sure it's dead.

"Yeah, I'm fine. How's the damage?" The imp already seems to be decomposing.

"Could have been worse. Maybe twenty gold's worth up in flame though." Phinny approaches Firien to inspect the dead imp. "Where in blazes did it come from?"

"That's a very good question. Probably something to ask the garrison." Firien huffs, and resets their claw-shaped hair clip which had fallen to the nape of their neck. They tilt their head and leer at the decomposing imp, nonetheless considering the question. Imps were certainly not native to Madanau. Nor does Firien know of any earthmote that it could have come from. Firien looks up to the horizon—or lack thereof. Madanau was situated very close to the miasma; the impenetrable fog that surrounded the known world. It was one of the reasons the denizens of Madanau were all too eager to find new homes elsewhere. A small fiend like this couldn't have found its way through the miasma on its own, could it? Just as they are thinking this, the fog shifts. Firien squints. Something was coming through, and at an alarming speed. A rogue earthmote, almost the size of the oasis, pushes through the abyss. The hunk of blackened rock seems to carry with it a swarm of ravens—no, they were imps! It was on course to sail right over Madanau and drop a swarm of imps over the town.

"Good gods. Honey!?" A moment later, the town hall bell clangs, signalling the emergency. Firien wastes no time. Having not dropped the scythe they have claimed as a weapon, they place a hand to Phinny's back and start trying to hurry him along.

"To the shelters, let's hurry." There's no reliable cover out here on the farms, they have to get further into town to take shelter in one of the safehouses. Phinny reaches out to his wife who is still carrying Kiho. She tucks herself under Phinny's arm and the three run together towards the shelters. The nearest shelter was half a mile away, on the outskirts of town. Lora was quickly tiring having to carry Kiho, but the three stick together as best they can. As they enter town, they see other families leaving their homes and making their way to the southernmost shelter. Two clerics of Caelum usher people towards the shelter, urging them to remain calm and walk in an orderly queue. This proved to be difficult however, as hunks of rock and gravel were now falling on the oasis from above. A great splash rings out as a boulder crashes into the waters of the oasis not far from them. Firien looks up. The rogue earthmote was almost fully eclipsing Madanau now.

"This way! Stay calm, down the steps, that's it." Cries ring out as another sizeable rock crashes into the sand very close to the queue.

"Look out!" A swarm of imps were descending from above.

"Argh, Terrence! Wake up, man!" The two clerics quickly come together. With a flourish of their hands, two beacons of light envelop the villagers closest to the shelter. Firien recognises the spell as magic circle. Above, the descending imps bounce off the luminous cylinders.

"Hurry! Inside!" With the two clerics concentrating on their spells, there is no one else around to help those villagers straggling outside the cylinders. The noise overhead is like thunder in Firien's mind. They look up to see the earthmote bearing down on them, and the imps continuing to descend. Firien grits their teeth. When the group reaches the cylinders, Firien pushes Phinny and Lora ahead and turns right back around, passing up safety in favour of action.

"Firien! What are you doing!?" The wheat farmer tries to grab Firien's garment but he is not quick enough. He and Lora are swept into the queue of people waiting to enter the shelter.

"It's alright, love. They'll be alright." As Firien runs back towards those who still need help, they block out the noise and the fear in the voices behind them with a prayer, spoken quietly under their breath in draconic.

"Platinum Dragon, turn your cerulean eye to this humble town and grant us the means to keep ourselves and each other safe, to weather these trials with dignity, and to emerge strong and hopeful." Firien looks around, combing through the chaos to hone in on those in need. They see several families and villagers making a run for the cylinders. To Firien's left, two young lads skitter to a halt and dart back behind their cart when three armed imps make a beeline for them. One of the lads picks up a rake and starts swiping at the air. To Firien's right, five more imps try to smash through the cylinder with crude weapons. The people inside try to squash themselves against the far side of the cylinder to avoid the attacks. Behind the cylinder, Firien catches sight of a family of four, huddled together behind a hay bale. It was chaos. Firien had to summon all the willpower they could just to concentrate.

Firien assesses each danger amidst the commotion and makes a judgement. The cylinder was holding and the family was safely hidden for now. Thus, they turn their attention to the boys trying to defend themselves. Still with their bloodstained scythe in hand, Firien rushes over and swings upward, slicing through one imp's midsection. The imp clutches its open wound and its wings quickly atrophy, causing it to fall, dead. Firien looks up to the other imps and a growl rumbles in their throat. A dare and, most crucially, a distraction. The first of the remaining two imps launches a firebolt at Firien. It glances off Firien's natural brass armour; barely a singe. The third imp takes Firien by surprise. It clutches onto their back and tries to bite their neck. The second imp reacts and flutters in, trying to wrench the scythe from Firien's hands.

"Get off!" Firien struggles as the imp on their back tries desperately to find a soft part to bite. Fortunately, it finds only tough brass scales. As the other imp wrestles to disarm them, Firien shoves their scythe forward, skewering the imp. Firien lets the scythe fall to the ground, embedded in the imp's body, then reaches around to grab the imp on their back. Their claws into the imp's hide and they yank it over their head and throw it across the street. The imp tumbles through the air, flapping frantically to try and stay airborne. It crashes into the nearby cart and holds its head, dizzied. The two lads come out from behind the cart once again. The lad with the rake swings it into the imp's guts, finishing it off.

"Thank you!" The pair run for the sanctuary of the cylinders. The queues of people are steadily declining now as more and more make their way into the shelter. Inside the cylinders, the villagers have passed around what tools they have to try and jab at the imps outside. Then, suddenly, one of the cylinders drops!

"Terrence!" A hunk of rock has fallen from above and hit the young cleric over the head. He now lies unconscious by the entrance. "Dammit. Caelum preserve us!" Those inside the fallen cylinder try to flock towards the other, but there are far too many to fit inside the ten foot radius. Smelling fresh meat, the imps converge on the surrounded villagers. Firien sees six, no, eight... nine! Some kind villagers forgo their place in the queue to tend to Terrence and drag him into the shade.

Firien struggles to discern the utter chaos of the scene before them. Their mind races, and for a split second they are frozen with fear. What happens if everyone is unable to fight back? Can they last long enough for help to arrive? They thumb the humble polished wood of their hair clip for a moment, then take a deep breath and focus. Action could lead to death. Inaction ensured it. They look around for a weapon and spot a maul dropped by one of the imps. A crude weapon, but far better than a farming tool. Firien snatches it up and starts running towards the converging imps. They do not shout, or pray out loud, but with every step their mind races.

"Bahamut please, this is the only thing I can think to do, I don't know if it's right but this is what I choose." With a bellow of pure adrenaline, Firien puts their whole body into a swing at the descending flock of imps, and the course of their very life is changed with a clap of thunder. Firien feels their maul connect with an imp's jaw and nearly leaps out of their scales when it is coupled with a reverberating clang. A flash of light fills Firien's vision. So bright that even when they shut their eyes the imprint of a bolt of lightning remains. Firien opens their eyes to find the imp at their feet, charred and twitching. They look up. Four more imps had been dealt the same blow and were now mere ashes amidst the sand. They had been struck by lightning!

How was this possible? Firien looks up. A storm cloud looms overhead. It wasn't there before. Had they created it somehow? Had Bahamut heard them? Firien's scales tingle with electricity. They felt like they could do it again! They would have to. All the imps were now converging on them. Errant sparks of lightning jump between Firien's scales and their hair clip now pulses with pure platinum light. They look up at the descending imps and they take a step back, but not in fear. They lift their hand to the sky and power grows in their palm—they know exactly what to do.

"Kluuroki!" The eardrums of everyone in a 300 foot radius pop as a thunderous boom erupts from Firien's hand. The wave of power impacts every imp that draws close to them. The imps closest to Firien are cast back into the air as if they were mere debris. Four of them fall unceremoniously back to the ground, their bones shattered. Two clutch their pierced eardrums and flee. Firien hasn't noticed that the world around them seems to have stopped. All of the villagers are staring, having completely forgotten about the shelter.

"What are you all standing around for? You never seen a dragonborn before? Go!" The elder cleric can safely drop his cylinder and join the fray as the last of the villagers make their way inside. The number of imps appears to be dwindling, at least in this region. The rogue earthmote had now almost completely passed over Madanau and it was continuing towards Caelum's Landing. While the cleric picks off the smaller imps trying to nip at his heels, Firien has the attention of six more. They try to surround them from above and change tactics, opting to throw their weapons at the sparkling dragonborn. Firien turns and starts to back up. As they do their eyes are drawn up to the storm cloud in the sky. It's calling to them, Firien can feel it. Hand held high once more, they oblige.

"Irtipro!" There is a crack of thunder and a blinding flash of light as they pull down another bolt of lightning from the sky! In moments, every last imp is reduced to dust. And this time it was effortless. Firien had heard tales of mages calling lightning, but never imagined they would have this power at their fingertips. Firien examines their surroundings. Most of the villagers had now successfully entered the shelter and were no longer under threat. They see the old cleric, beating away the last of the imps with his mace. They spy a few more imps fluttering out of their hiding spots, now drawn back towards the rogue earthmote. In the distance, pillars of smoke were rising from where imps had set fires. The ground was littered with debris fallen from the earthmote. There remained distant sounds of panic further into town, but at least everyone here was safe now.

"Hey you there!" The cleric waves Firien down. But both are interrupted by a surge of light in the sky. It was the earthmote! A city-sized golden shield of energy was blocking the earthmote's advance. "About bloody time!" Firien jumps at the sound but quickly relaxes when they look up; help had arrived. With relief bolstering their resolve, Firien walks over to the old cleric.

"What do we do now?" Whether they've noticed is unclear, but Firien is still sparkling with divine power. It skitters across their scales and fills each word with thunderous presence even when they speak normally. Their hair clip, apparently the font of their magic, hums faintly. Clearly adorned as their idol, the hair clip was a dragon's claw of polished wood holding an uncut white quartz. Satisfied they are safe, the cleric too approaches Firien.

"We get over there and help put out those fires. We won't get rid of the imps that easily." The cleric's attention is on the chaos in the distance until he turns to address the matter of the strange dragonborn. "I don't know who you are, friend. But I could sure use your help- no, hang on. I do know you... aren't you the baker's kid?" Firien stops and blinks.

"Uh y-yeah that's me."

"Hah! You know you aren't bad in a fight. Perks of being a dragonborn, ay?" It takes Firien a moment to comprehend the cleric's reply. Had he just mistaken them for a bronze dragonborn? Even so, the greying dwarf obviously didn't know much about their species. A bronze dragonborn could indeed breathe lightning, but summon storms? Cast thunderwave? Impossible. "What's your name, son?" Firien looks down at the dwarf and tilts their head slightly. They haven't been attending church for a while now, so they honestly can't say for sure who this man is.

"Firien, sir. Firien Madizos."

"Firien, ay? Name's Stoutmann. You still feel like you've got some fight in you?" Firien takes a moment to look around, they examine the smoke in the distance and listen to the chaos on the wind. They nod.

"If there's still a fight to be had, I can't back down."

"Good man." The dwarf claps his hand to Firien's arm. Apparently he hadn't yet noticed the dragonborn's curious hair clip. "Let's get Terrence on his feet first. Can't let the kid sleep on the job." Firien nods, and walks over to the other cleric. The villagers taking care of Terrence step aside as Firien approaches. At first, Stoutmann thinks the dragonborn is simply assessing Terrence's wound, but as Firien kneels down, they feel a powerful tug. They understood what to do. They reach out and gently touch their fingertips to Terrence's temple.

"Seisu." A silvery fog pours from Firien's hand. It seeps into the younger cleric's head wound and washes over his body to cure his other injuries. This spell is easily recognised by an experienced cleric like Stoutmann; cure wounds. When he sees the platinum light from Firien's hand wash over his protege, he kneels down to snatch Firien's hand away. Fortunately, Firien's spell had already concluded, and young Terrence begins to stir.

"What did you just do?" Firien does not answer immediately. They perhaps missed Stoutmann's question entirely. Instead they look at their own hand, finally becoming fully aware of the power that suffuses them. The platinum shimmer dissipates and they look down to check on Terrence.

"Are you alright? You got hit pretty bad." Stoutmann tentatively releases Firien's wrist, apparently content to let the matter go for now.

"I did?"

"You took a hunk of rock to the head, son—you blacked out."

"I- I don't even remember- is everyone safe?"

"Yes, thanks to Firien here." The human looks up at Firien with sleepy brown eyes.

"Hey err... thanks for helping us." Firien pauses a moment, then nods, but their face is a little grim.

"Don't thank me yet, there's still a lot of chaos further up the street. Can you stand?"

"I- I think so." The two help Terrence back to his feet. He stumbles momentarily as the blood rushes from his head and grips Firien's shoulder to stay upright. Before they can celebrate, another massive crunch echoes from above them. Their eyes are drawn once again to the rogue earthmote. The golden shield that brought the black rock to a stop in mid air begins to pulse and grow. Slowly but surely, the earthmote begins to once again gain momentum, this time heading north into open air. Firien can also make out distant flashes of lightning on the surface of the earthmote. It must be the clerics of Caelum battling the imps. As for what was creating the shield, Firien knew of a sect of monks allied with the Church of Caelum. These monks formed a deep connection with the earth so that they may gain the power to move it. The monks of the Spirit Temple are tasked with protecting Caelum's Landing from the collision of rogue earthmotes, just like the one they gaze upon now. The power Firien witnesses is truly astonishing. As the earthmote moves away, Firien can just about see the winged monks stationed at strategic points, channelling their ki into the shield.

"Whoa." Firien is struck a little dumb at first. Everyone knew of the monks, but they had never witnessed their power before. They promptly remember the chaos wrought from all this and look back to their unlikely comrades. "Where to next?"

"We must go to the church, report to the Prefect that the townsfolk here are safe. It is important that our efforts to combat this crisis match our peers."

"He means we need to get organised."

"I see that rock didn't hit you too hard, boy. You go on ahead, Terrence. I want to speak with Firien."

"Yes, Chaplain. Sorry, Chaplain." Terry heads up the road in the direction of the nearest column of smoke. Stoutmann turns his attention to Firien now.

"How did you do that just now? That was divine magic you used to heal Terrence." Firien is silent for a moment, their scaly brow furrowing. They grasp their hair clip for support.

"I- I'm not sure. I was holding a prayer in my mind, to keep myself calm and grounded and then... all this happened." Stoutmann's eyes widen.

"By my beard! Your prayers were answered... There can be no other explanation. Hah! Caelum has blessed you in your time of need." Stoutmann claps his hands to both of Firien's arms and he shakes the poor dragonborn with some vigour. It's something of a feat for anyone to be able to jostle Firien like this. Their hair clip thrums in anticipation and they eventually put their hands on Stoutmann's shoulders to calm him.

"Yeah- yeah about that..." Their eyes catch the smoke on the horizon, and they sigh. "Now is not the time for this conversation. There's still work to be done."

"Right you are, son. With Caelum at our backs we will prevail." The pair quickly catch up to Terrence who is helping a group of villagers shovel sand onto a burning cart of straw. They seem to have the matter well in hand as the smoke blackens from lack of air. Up ahead, they see this district's church; the one Chaplain Stoutmann is in charge of. A third elven cleric and a group of villagers appear to have barred the doors to the church from the outside. They are pushing their backs hard against the doors as crashing echoes from inside. "Over there. Talia!"

"Chaplain!"

"What's the situation?"

"We've managed to trap a bunch of imps inside. There's also a... w- well it's bigger than an imp."

"How much bigger?" Though they ask the question, Firien's eyes are on the chapel. Though the door was secure, it was only a matter of time before the larger creature would try to climb through a window or another weak spot. The structure's sanctity did not help it in this case. Talia holds out a downturned palm just below shoulder height.

"About this much. This one doesn't have wings, it's got two massive horns and these creepy, spherical, black eyes." Talia reasserts her shoulders against the door. Firien takes a moment to create the image in their mind. Could it be a quasit Talia is describing? If they recall correctly, they are related to imps.

"Well we can't keep them in there forever. We must prepare a plan of attack." Firien wrinkles their snout a little bit, trying to think. "They're right behind the door, right? Maybe I could do what I did last time and blast them back. I'll stand in front of the door and the moment the doors open I'll do my thing. You can close in on them while they're down. We can't let them spill out onto the streets." Stoutmann's eyes brighten. He slaps Firien on the arm again.

"Good shout, son."

"I'm sorry, what are you going to do?"

"You ever seen a dragon's breath, Talia? Terrence! Get over here!" Young Terry comes running. "How many are in there?"

"Six imps plus the big one."

"Reckon you can manage that, son?" Stoutmann looks up to Firien as Terry takes the place of the villagers barring the doors. The villagers run for cover and Terry and Talia prepare to open the doors on command. Firien gives Stoutmann a side-eye.

"You know I'm a brass dragonborn, right?" They look back towards the door, take a deep breath and holds out their hands. "I'm ready... Now!" The moment the doors open, Firien claps their hands together and the power yields to them once more. "Kluuroki!" The dragonborn pulls another thunderous boom from the sky and the divine wave erupts through the entrance to the chapel. Firien barely has time to set eyes on the fiends before they are cast back into the chapel like nought but debris. Firien swears he hears bones crack as four of the six imps are pulverised by the thunderwave and instantly killed. Their bodies roll across the chapel floor. Two imps and the now enraged quasit weather the storm but clutch at their ears, having taken a lot of damage.

"Don't let them escape!" Talia and Terrence are the first to move in. Talia slams her mace into the wounded imp, turning its skull to jelly. Terrence brings down his club only for the deafened imp to desperately dodge and flee into the chapel. The quasit turns its eyes on Firien and charges with its enormous poisonous horns lowered! Firien does their best to seize the rushing fiend, but its horns slice the scales at their sides. Firien lets out a yelp at the faint burning sensation. Fortunately, the poison doesn't manage to seep past their natural plating. Then something thrums inside their chest; a righteous rage that seeks to rebuke this aggression. With a growl, they push against the quasit. There is another boom as the creature's body is rocked by thunderous force! Divine platinum light engulfs the creature and it retreats. Firien is allowed a brief moment to step back and breathe. They wind their arm back and bring their looted maul round to strike the quasit. It crashes against the fiend's chest. The quasit stands no chance in its current state. Firien's maul snaps the creature's sternum and it is thrown back from the sheer force of Firien's blow. Dead.

"Firien! Are you alright? Let me heal your wounds... vis medicatrix." A quick healing word and an open palm from Stoutmann is enough to seal Firien's wounds. Thankfully, they were able to shrug off the quasit's poison. The pair hear a smash as the last remaining imp attempts to flee through a stained glass window. "Terrence! Get after it."

"Yes chaplain!" The young lad gives chase to the wounded imp while his elven colleague approaches Firien.

"You're a tempest cleric?"

Firien looks up to Talia and a strained smile graces their lips. It seems like someone might finally know what's going on.

"I- I feel like there's a storm raging under my skin and the hammer of thunder in my chest, does that sound about right?" They instinctively bring their hand to their hair clip as they say this, to stop it thrumming in time with their wild heart rate.

"I'm afraid I wouldn't know. We're all light domain clerics. But... I have seen what tempests can do in battle. It looks a lot like what you just did."

"Oh, I thought the lightning was a dragonborn thing."

"You're thinking of bronze dragonborn, Chaplain. Our friend here is a brass dragonborn. They breathe fire."

"Fire? Then everything you just did—calling the lightning... Hah! Truly astonishing the power Caelum has blessed upon you. Your destiny must be one of great import, my friend." Firien stares at Stoutmann and their jaw tightens a little. They look around, and in the quiet of the moment, they find they can no longer keep up the lie of omission.

"I don't worship Caelum. But that isn't important right now, what is important is what we do next. Where do we move on to?"

"You- you don't? But then..." Firien can practically see the poor man's enthusiasm leaving his body. Perhaps after such long service to the church he thought he had finally seen the intervention of Caelum himself. But it wasn't to be. The greying dwarf grumbles. "You're right. We continue to the church and report to the prefect."

"I'll go get Terry."

"I want you to stay close to me, son. You may not worship Caelum, but the Church can at least prepare you for what to expect... You've been given a great gift, it's important you know how to use it." Firien nods.

"Let's not waste any time, then." As everyone starts walking, Firien pouts to themself a little. Bahamut doesn't put too much stock in words, but Caelum does, and they feel like they should at least say something to give the old dwarf something to embolden him. Resolved, they gently pat the man's shoulder. "Your god and mine. With Caelum and Bahamut with us, together, we'll see this through in no time." Stoutmann raises his head, apparently in realisation. He looks over the young dragonborn with narrowed eyes and offers an appreciative nod.

"You have wisdom beyond your years, son." The dwarf briefly removes his helmet to wipe his forehead, revealing a shining bald patch on his crown. A radiant light suddenly washes over them, but it wasn't Stoutmann's head. The clerics look up to find the rogue earthmote and its fiendish attackers now completely enveloped in a golden bubble. It was now locked in place north of Madanau. Firien can get a good look at the source of the golden energy now. Several tens of monks, some winged, some on gliders, act as the vertices of the woven sphere that seal the earthmote away. On the earthmote itself, Firien can now clearly see the clerics of Caelum battling the swarms of fiends. Lightning was raining down from above them, thunder blasting from their gauntlets. These must be the tempest clerics Talia spoke of; the foot soldiers of the Church.

---

The walk to the city district on the eastern side of the Oasis is arduous but thankfully uneventful. They arrive to find villagers banding together to repair broken housing and sweep up debris. Outside the main church, a pagoda has been erected as a shelter for the numerous wounded.

"There's the Prefect! Come on." Stoutmann breaks into a jog and the others follow. Though Firien had never been formally introduced to the Prefect, their reputation preceded them. They were a tall, slender aasimar with a flawless caramel complexion. Their straight white hair was brushed back and held in a ponytail by a simple blue ribbon. Their flowing robes were also very simple, belying their status as Prefect. The Prefect turns from supervising a healing taking place. Their eyes were icy blue and glowed like the brightest stars, yet they remained half-lidded as if perpetually sleepy.

"Stoutmann. I'm glad to see you're alright."

"I have a report for you, ma'am." As Stoutmann delivers his report, Firien's eyes are drawn to the marking on the Prefect's forehead. A simple glowing white ring slightly larger than an electrum piece. This halo belonged only to members of the Sol Orbis family; the heirs of Caelum.

"I see. You have done very well, Stoutmann. Thank you. You and your acolytes please report to Kaley inside, she is overseeing the healing effort here."

"Yes ma'am. I would ask that Firien join us too, ma'am." The Prefect's eyes turn to Firien.

"Is what Stoutmann said about you true?" Firien instinctively straightens up as they are brought under scrutiny. Suddenly, an overbearing anxiety weighs on their shoulders, as if confirming the truth to the Prefect would set something in motion they could not stop. They swallow the lump in their throat and square their shoulders, turning tension into confidence. They meet the Prefect's gaze. The flicker of flame at the edges of their yellow eyes now gave way to a skitter of lightning.

"It's true, Prefect." The Prefect is silent for a moment, staring into Firien's eyes as if assessing their sincerity. They nod subtly.

"Go inside, Stoutmann. Firien will join you in a moment."

"Yes, ma'am, thank you, ma'am."

"And please don't call me "ma'am."

"Sorry m- err... Prefect. Come on you two." Stoutmann offers Firien a nod of reassurance before heading inside. The Prefect speaks softly.

"How do you feel? Firien, wasn't it?"

"Ah- yes, Firien Madizos. I feel a little overwhelmed, to be honest. I feel like there's lightning beneath my scales. I'm worried about my parents but..." They take a deep breath before their rambling can continue. They follow the thrum of thunder in their chest to centre their nerves. It seems to relax them. "But... I'm not quite as scared as I thought I'd be. It's more like my fear is tempered by what needs to be done." The Prefect nods subtly once more.

"I will have an acolyte sent to check on your parents and deliver the news that you are okay. Would you walk with me a moment?" Despite the brave front they're putting up, Firien visibly relaxes.

"Thank you, Prefect." They fall into step alongside the aasimar, doing their best to match the pace they set. The Prefect leads Firien away from the bustle of the pagoda and onto a quieter street where they can remain in the shade of the Church.

"The Platinum Dragon does not commonly bless his followers with divine magics such as those you displayed today. But I have learned that he is a compassionate soul. A just soul. I can only assume that your faith in him found his ears in a moment of dire need." As Firien follows, they consider the Prefect's words and try to formulate an explanation—or even just a feeling—in their mind.

"Bahamut doesn't really attach himself to words or objects. I put my faith in him into my everyday deeds; the work I do at home, the ways I can help my neighbours. When the imps started swarming, there was no question. I had to do something." The Prefect pauses and turns to Firien, offering the subtlest of smiles.

"Encouraging words. I would hope that your heart remains so kind and humble as you acclimate to your newfound power... and responsibility." They continue walking. "In circumstances such as this it is protocol that the Church offer tutelage to help you understand and hone your skills as a cleric. I would understand should you wish to refuse, but I urge you not to. You... may find yourself under the Church's scrutiny." Firien nods in understanding.

"I... I don't want to be alone in this. It feels right, but that doesn't mean it's not terrifying."

"Thank you for your honesty. You should speak with your parents about all this, of course. When you're ready, I will submit a request for you to attend the Church on Caelum's Landing as an acolyte. And... I will of course stress that your faith lies with Bahamut. If there's anything you need, you can come to see me." Firien exhales, relieving their body of no small amount of tension. Firien meets the aasimar's gaze with an expression that betrays both their youth and emotions.

"Thank you, Prefect. I'd like to continue helping, if you'll permit it. The strength, the healing... it's felt intuitive so far."

"If you feel you can, that would be appreciated. Go and speak with Stoutmann, I'm sure he'll have some jobs for you. My name is Sana, by the way."

---

A young acolyte runs through the streets of Madanau with butterflies in his stomach. Thankfully not literally. It wasn't uncommon for the earth genasi to attract butterflies with the vibrant flowers peeking out of his short, spiked hair. The damage was severe in places, but thankfully not widespread. The all clear bell had sounded and the citizens had left the shelters to begin repairs. It was encouraging to see such mechanical teamwork from Madanau's community. It was a pillar of that community whom the acolyte was trying to find.

"Is that all of them?" It is as the acolyte observes a joint effort to collect fragments of a demolished wall, that a dramatic green glint catches his eye. It comes from the central plate of a robed dragonborn's crest. She appears to be wearing a frilly white apron.

"It is, Miss Bixi. At least all the bits that weren't smashed."

"Oh don't worry, it should be more than enough." The dragonborn steps back from the wall and raises her hands. "Inhelk Slemon." Vibrant orange tendrils sprout from the gaps in the reconstructed masonry, bonding the stone back together. The acolyte recognises powerful transmutation magic when he sees it.

"Here you are, my love." Another brass dragonborn, heavier set with a handsome jawline and a chamfered crest, wheels a barrow of replacement stones to his partner.

"Ah, Thank you Lorento. Just set them there my love, the others can start putting them where they're needed."

"Ah, excuse me?" As the acolyte approaches, Bixi snaps her fingers and the wall solidifies, almost as if it had never been knocked down. She turns to the genasi, her deep reddish snout glinting as she smiles.

"Ah, hello, do you need any help?"

"You are Bixi and Lorento Madizos, right? Parents of Firien?"

"Firien? Are they alright?"

"Y-yes. Well... sort of. They're at the church. They're unharmed, but something has happened that the Prefect would like to speak with you about."

"The Prefect?" Bixi's tail straightens behind her in alarm. In moments, she points the citizens towards the work they must prioritise, before addressing the genasi once again. "Well, what are we waiting for? Let's go!"

---

Firien finds that, despite everything, they and the community are in high spirits. Directed by Stoutmann, Firien darts about the church, helping practically where possible as they only have a small amount of magic to spare for healing.

"Winida." With a gentle word, a shimmer of platinum weaves its way through torn fabric and loose seams, pulling taut threads and replacing buttons. The shimmer fades and Firien hands the teddy bear back to its owner. "There we are, all better again." The young blue tiefling snatches her horned teddy bear back up and squeezes it tight. Her mother tussles her hair.

"What do you say, Tilly?"

"Thank you!"

"Good girl. Thank you."

"Can I touch your nose?"

"Tilly..."

"Haha I don't mind." Firien kneels down so the little girl can reach them. The orange tips of their impressive crown of horns glint in the light. The little tiefling reaches out a stubby hand to gently stroke Firien's snout. She giggles.

"It feels nice!" Embarrassed, she snatches her hand away and wiggles, burying her face in her teddy.

"Doctor!" Firien looks to the entrance of the church where two villagers are carrying another between them. Kaley, the local dwarf surgeon leading the healing effort, rushes up to them.

"What happened?"

"Bunch of imps got into the generator, blew it apart. He's bleeding a lot."

"Any free hands get me a stretcher, bring him inside." Firien looks up, sensing the panic. They offer a reassuring smile to the little tiefling before darting to the nearest available stretcher. They find themselves looking across the stretcher at Terry, lifting it from the other side. He offers a shy half-smile of recognition. Kaley and the villager help the engineer onto the stretcher and the four carry him inside. "Set him down here." Kaley directs them to a mattress on the marble floor. It was easier for the dwarf to get at her patient from here. "Help me cut away his clothes." Terry fetches a pair of scissors and Kaley cuts away the bloodstained fabric. The engineer was peppered with tiny lacerations across his right side. "Ah Moradin. Alright we can't seal the wounds until we know if there's any shrapnel left inside."
Firien feels something very strange. A tingling in their fingers. There were indeed metal shards in the man's body. The electricity still dancing over Firien's scales was tugging at them. To find out exactly how deep the shards of metal were, all they would have to do is run their hand over the engineer's chest. "How big was the blast?"

"Pretty big. Thankfully we dodged the bulk of it." The sensation causes Firien to tense momentarily, but once they understand its meaning, they relax and focus. Knowing hesitation isn't an option, Firien kneels beside the surgeon and her patient.

"I can sense the metal. I could pinpoint them, if I may come closer?" Firien holds their hand out, showing Kaley the electricity that flits harmlessly over their scales. Kaley cocks an eyebrow. Her eyes dart between Firien and the sparks at their fingertips.

"Alright kid, knock yourself out. Terry, get me some tweezers would you?" Terry quickly returns with a pair of metal tweezers and hands them to Kaley, who promptly hands them to Firien. Floating their hand gently over the man's torso, Firien's scales bristle when they find shards of metal buried in the skin. They could find four shards in total, one a little larger and deeper than the others. Then, a clink!

"Something nipped me!" Kaley takes Firien's hand to look closer. One of the shards had magnetically attached itself to the tweezers!

"Hah! You're a walking magnet. Alright, kid... this is gonna be easier if you do it. Keep the tweezers closed when you go in, and just let your... natural magnetism do the rest." To Firien's credit, they are very careful. To keep their hand calm and steady, they try to think of it not as surgery but more like precision cake decoration. A careful, exacting process they have performed countless times. This keeps them focused as the next two shards come out with startling ease.

"Alright... There's one left, but it's a little deeper than the others."

"You've got this, Firien."

Firien takes a deep breath. With the practised skill of a cake decorator, Firien slowly but surely lowers the tweezers into the wound. After what feels like the longest eight seconds in Firien's life, they feel a snap as the shard magnetically attaches to the tweezers. With the same steady hand motions, Firien eases the tweezers out of the wound, and the shrapnel comes away with only a minor hiss from the engineer.
"Excellent work, kid. Alright Terry, go ahead." With a nod, the young acolyte's hands glow with light, and the engineer's wounds quickly heal over. "Not bad for a baker."

"Haha! Baking can be very delicate business." Firien sets the tweezers down and takes the opportunity to was their hands. They breathe a quiet sigh of relief.

"You know, I just realised we've never been formally introduced. Name's Kaley Coldhands, I work with your parents at the Civic." Kaley offers what is indeed a cold hand to shake. By contrast, Firien's hand is hot to the touch, not uncomfortably so, but definitely hotter than even when Kaley has shaken their parents' hands in the past.

"Oh, really? I don't tend to ask about their Civic work. Not unless they want to talk about it themselves."

"It's nothing glamorous... tax rates, work shifts, best time for selling buns, that sort of thing."

"Firien!" Stoutmann appears at the doors. "Your folks have arrived." Firien straightens up, stumbling only slightly. They follow Stoutmann outside.

---

Bixi inhales sharply, shivering slightly. "I smell magical lightning alright. It kinda leaves behind a tang in the air. It makes my teeth feel funny."

"Mum, dad!"

"Oh there's my baby!" The moment they're within reach, Bixi snatches up Firien and squeezes their midsection. Firien nearly topples over. Evidently they take after their father in terms of height.

"Woah! Ease up, love, you're going to break the kid." Lorento joins the two, placing a large hand on both their backs, keeping them close. "How are you feeling, Yrevi?" Bixi is content to continue squeezing, but loosens her grip just a little. Firien looks up to their dad with a smile.

"I'm okay, I really am. Just a little overwhelmed. How much have you been told?"

"This young lad told us you'd started shooting lightning out your hands. That the clerics think that you..." Their father's eyes flash down to the hair clip at the nape of their neck. "That you've been gifted divine power." Firien catches this. With a gentle hand on their mother's shoulder, they step back. They take hold of the hair clip and look up to the sky. Though the storm cloud had since dissipated, Firien can still feel its lingering electric shadow.

"I know how it sounds, but it's true. It's the only explanation. I pulled lightning from the sky and healed a man's wounds all on instinct. I was... I was heard." As Firien curls their fingers around their hair clip, a skitter of lightning jumps across the scales of their fingers. Bixi tilts her head. She cups Firien's hand and closes her eyes. When she opens them again, she beams with pride.

"I feel it. I can feel the magic coursing through your very being. But it's not like mine, it's not arcane."

"Divine magic." Lorento shakes his head in disbelief. "Firien, this is wonderful! Bahamut actually heard you." The genasi acolyte scampers away to go and find the Prefect.

"Hah! No wonder my arcane lessons didn't take! It was the universe saying 'Back off, this one's meant for greater things!'" Bixi reaches up to squish Firien's cheeks.

"So what happens now?"

"Firien has a choice to make, Mister Madizos." The three turn to see the Prefect approaching with their floral assistant in tow. "It's good to meet you both. Would you allow me a moment of your time?" All eyes turn to Sana, Bixi's grow wide. She and Lorento notice Firien smile at the Prefect's arrival, reassuring them.

"Of course, Prefect." Sana bows their head a little in respect.

"Thank you. We can speak in my study."

---

Sana leads the trio into the Church and through to their private chambers. Inside is a cosy library, complete with padded armchairs, stationery, and even a layered glass map of the Relief. The window is the only wall that doesn't have a bookshelf. "Please, take a seat. Would you like anything to drink? Tea perhaps?" As they wander inside, Bixi bounces on her toes as she examines the bookshelves.

"I'd' like a cup of tea, please. It might help calm my nerves." Firien tips their horns towards their mother. Lorento catches on and gives Bixi a subtle elbow to get her to concentrate.

"We'll have the same, thanks." Sana nods.

"Halli?"

"I'm on it!" With a tip of the flowers, the earth genasi wanders off to the kitchens. Sana settles in their chair opposite the dragonborn.

"I realise this must have come as quite a shock for all of you, and you must take some time to think on my proposal of course. The Church would like to offer Firien the training they need to become a tempest Cleric. They would be required to attend the Church on Caelum's Landing as a provisional acolyte. They would be given adequate accommodation and, most importantly, they would be in an environment where they could worship Bahamut openly."

---

"Now arriving at Tenebrae's Refuge! Those heading to Caelum's Landing should follow the yellow signs to your cable car connection, that's the yellow signs to the cable car, thank you!" The distorted conductor's voice blasts out of the copper horn above Firien, bringing them abruptly out of their daydreams. They had been staring out of the window for the whole hour's trip, watching the clouds go by beneath them, spying distant earthmotes of all shapes and sizes above and below. Seeing Madanau in such a devastated state from above filled Firien with awe. They suddenly realised just how precarious were the lives of everyone down there on the edge of the Miasma. The fires had been put out, and reconstruction was well under way, hastened by the unwavering community spirit that Firien was proud to call their own. Only now a great shard of black, hellish rock skewered the centre of the oasis like a stake through its heart. Firien had left to rumours that the rock might in some way have damaged the portal at the oasis' deepest point. If that were the case, it is likely more and more refugees from Madanau would fill airships on the way to Caelum's Landing just like this one. Firien looks around the cabin. They recognise a few faces from Madanau; those who lost their homes in the attack. Perhaps it was a testament to the Church's competence that they were able to respond to the crisis so quickly. It replaced some of the trepidation in Firien's gut with hope in their new role as an Acolyte of Bahamut. The whirr of the engines changes pitch and Firien feels the airship turn 90 degrees. With a clunk, the airship docks at Tenebrae's Refuge and the conductor unseals the door.

Firien sighs when they realise they have to get up. They allow the other passengers to shuffle past them before standing, making them the last one to step off the airship. They offer the conductor an awkward nod before ducking their head so they don't catch their horns on the door frame. Firien feels a little self-conscious walking through the airship station. For one, they are armed. Though it seemed a bit unnecessary to them, their parents insisted they should have something to protect themselves. Who knows what could happen travelling between the earthmotes? The mace hangs heavily on their belt and the humble circular shield presses against their back; a reminder of what had transpired. Firien quickly realises they sort-of-know some of the other people making this trip. Firien was a common sight around Madanau, always busy doing work or helping others where they could. It's always been hard to miss their towering crest and iridescent scales. But Firien had successfully kept to themself on the journey so far, fiddling with the carved wooden claw around their neck, still reeling from everything that's happened.

Stepping off the airship, Firien is assaulted by sunlight as the clouds part. Their first view of Tenebrae's Refuge is through squinted eyes. The airship dock is crowded with commuters, tourists and adventurers of all races, all moving at a breakneck pace. The sunlight wanes again, allowing Firien a view of the industrial shantytown that blankets the immediate horizon and most of the mountain to the east. The murmur of the crowds, the calls of the merchants and the chug of the airship's resonite engine feel oppressive. Again the sunlight bullies Firien. Raising a palm to shield their eyes, they quickly realise it's not the clouds parting, but Fundus above swaying back and forth. At this time of day, half of Tenebrae's Refuge sat comfortably in the shadow of Fio's most populous earthmote. Firien could see the cable car lines heading up to Caelum's Landing. They must be two or three miles long at least! Firien's underfoot becomes cobbles and thick mud as they step off the metal gangplank. In fact, much of the dock is caked in mud. Looking to the west, Firien could see why. The famous Fountainhead Falls cascade over Fundus' southern shore and dissipate into an iridescent mist that Firien could feel on their scales even from this distance. It was without a doubt one of the most beautiful sights Firien had seen.

"Move along please, sir." Firien is ushered into the queue of people exiting the dock, and the gangplank is lifted back onto the airship. Fortunately, they were taller than most of the other passengers and could clearly see the yellow signs they were supposed to follow. At the head of the queue, Firien spies a group of monks in yellow speaking with a local cleric. They must have been on the airship too. Were they the monks that captured the hellish earthmote that flew over Madanau? Immediately in front of Firien, a young girl clutches her mother's hand. She stares at Firien with wide, anxious eyes. Firien had seen her playing at the oasis not so long ago. They look down at the girl. Children were never really afraid of Firien, more curious, even excited by their stature and appearance. No, the anxiety on this little girl's face was down to the overload of noise and the rush of people. It's enough to make anyone feel overwhelmed. To the eyes of a child, it must be one of the scariest things possible.

As the queue moves along, the child breaks her gaze on Firien and she is ushered along by her mother. Up ahead, one of the monks claps his hand to the cleric's shoulder as a departing gesture of thanks. The monks were a group of five, and they appeared to be following the yellow signs to the Caelum's Landing connection. Other new arrivals follow, while some make their way into town. Some loiter, unable to decide where to go. Perhaps they were just trying to hear themselves think for a moment. Firien soon finds himself greeted by the cleric. A young half-drow it seems, with curtain-like silver hair. He wears heavy silver armour much like Stoutmann's, and the midnight blue armband with Caelum's symbol; a silver ring.

"Good morning, friend." The half-drow inspects Firien's weapons. "You wouldn't be the new acolyte would you?" Firien blinks rapidly at the unexpected question. They straighten up at the address, awkwardly looming over the cleric somewhat.

"Yeah, that's me."

"We were told to expect you. Name's Laucian. Welcome to Tenebrae's Refuge." The half-drow offers his hand. His half-smile seems to already be making several apologies; sorry for what's happened, sorry you got caught up in it and sorry for the commotion.

"Thanks." Despite the very blatant nerves the dragonborn is displaying, Firien's large, brass claw eventually accepts the cleric's hand, squeezing it with their natural strength. The half-drow seems momentarily surprised by Firien's grip, but he nods in appreciation.

"First time away from Madanau?"

"Is it that obvious?"

"No, not at all. I was just trying to gauge how much help you'll need." Laucian has to raise his voice to be heard as the airship's engines spin up to depart once again. "Are you staying in Tenebrae's Refuge for long or are you headed straight to Caelum's Landing?"

"Straight there, I assume, that's why I was... you know." They point, somewhat confused, towards the cable car ahead.

"Yeah, no problem, just follow the yellow signs. The cable car is free for members of the church so you can come and go as you please. If you ever find yourself back here, that's the chapel over there—the blue roof sticking out above the square. Other than that, best of luck to you."

"Thanks." Firien shuffles off, once again absently following the foot traffic towards the cable car. They wind their tail close to their body to prevent it anxiously swiping someone's ankles. In their front pocket, proof of their nascent association with the church weighs heavy; a paper of identification given to them by Sana. It will apparently earn them a trip on the cable car for free, but that doesn't mean they aren't nervous as the nine hells about it.

Firien follows the yellow signs around the outskirts of town to the far shore where the cable car awaits. They pass a line of market stalls, each apparently peddling a different kind of food. They spy a tabaxi swirling an enormous wok over a naked flame, and hungry duergar miners line up to where a dragonborn much like themself flips sausages, eggs and bacon on a counter top grill. The smells were divine. Peering down one of the streets, Firien can even see a pagoda where those less fortunate share a communal stew. There was an abundance of culture here, even if it was hectic and muddy. The cable car comes into view. Many of the faces from the airship were in the queue. The monks were just stepping onboard. "Next car to Caelum's Landing leaving in five minutes." Fortunately, the queue isn't so big. It gives Firien just enough time to rummage around in their pockets and pull out their identification. They worry the delicate document in their clawed fingertips as they wait. The shimmer of their scales almost matches the metallic ink of the silver circle emblazoned on the parchment. The prestige didn't do much to settle their nerves. A rotund and obviously very bored conductor stares at Firien with half-lidded eyes when they reach the head of the queue. He chews on something that stains the corner of his lips green. He simply pats the ticket dispenser, turning the coin slot towards him. Firien blinks, panicked by the conductor's nonchalant demeanour. They hold up the identification with some trepidation.

"I'm with the church." Though it's true, saying the words feels strange on their tongue. This special treatment was going to take some getting used to. The conductor takes the parchment in his stubby fingers and examines it without a word. His eyes look up from under his brow briefly to examine the dragonborn. He then hands the parchment back and tips his head to the car door. Firien exhales as they enter the car, ducking their head. They have a faint sensation of anticipation in their gut; a similar one to when they first embarked on the airship. Travel between the earthmotes isn't quite as stomach churning as they'd expected it to be, but it still disagreed with their constitution. They shuffle forward and duck under handholds until they find a seat. Every seat had a convenient hollow for a tail of any size, though Firien quickly discovers they aren't the most comfortable seats. They thread their slender but sizeable tail through the end seat of a row facing inward, careful not to scrape anything with the delicate spines that run its length. Only when they are settled do they relax and realise they're sat directly opposite a row of five monks in bright yellow. They stood out like sore thumbs. Two of them, an orange tiefling and an elderly dwarf, had already fallen asleep. Another, a rotund halfling, was struggling to gather their robes under their bum. Their master, a bald, oriental human, was sat beside the young girl from earlier. With a little sleight of hand, he folds his ticket into an origami swan. The young girl's eyes light up as he offers it to her. Directly opposite Firien, a fiery-haired half-elf coos at the girl's reaction. He bore a significant facial scar, yet his brilliant green eyes were calm and contented. Covering his neck was the most intricate tattoo of a snarling tiger.

Firien blinks, a mixture of awe and confusion in their pale topaz eyes. These were the people they saw flying above their home, the ones who steered that infernal hunk of rock away from Madanau. And here they were taking the cable car home. The juxtaposition strikes Firien as ridiculous. It becomes apparent they're staring when the half-elf monk meets their gaze, offering a warm smile. Firien jumps, and a warm wave of embarrassment prickles their neck. Without thinking, they pause wringing their hands to offer the half-elf a tiny wave. Though the prickle on their neck intensifies, Firien earns a grin from the handsome monk. He returns the awkward wave, mouthing the word "Hi."

"Two minutes to departure!" A tall and slender shadow steps onto the car. At least that's what it looks like in Firien's peripheral vision. The dark figure seems to draw the attention of quite a few passengers. The man wears a smart black suit and shoulder cape. His shirt is dark purple, the collar of which is fastened by a black lace. In stark contrast to his pallid complexion, his hair is pitch black. It frames his face and covers his ears. But what's most striking about the man is his eyes. They were much further apart, higher up the skull and tilted inward slightly. The man glides between Firien and the monks. He too had to duck until he found a seat further down. Firien recognises the face immediately. The man was Yuan-Ti; a bipedal variant of his serpentine race. It was no wonder the man was getting some strange looks. Yuan-Ti were most commonly found on Mallia, an earthmote kingdom to the erde-south-east that suffered through a seven-year war with the Church of Caelum. Peace was brokered 13 years ago, when Mallia seceded its peninsula to the Church. As a result, the Yuan-Ti living there found themselves absorbed into the culture.

"One minute to departure no more tickets, thank you!"

"Ah! I say, please wait, my dear fellow."

"No more tickets, sir."

"That's quite alright, I already have my ticket, see? Booked in advance." The conductor checks the ticket and allows the man aboard. Through the door appears a ridiculous human in the orange and purple garb of a bard. His bycocket hat is obnoxiously large, as is the plume of swan down that dangles from it. His ballooned trousers stroke everyone he walks past until he finally finds a seat. Firien, in an attempt to avoid getting swatted by the bard's garb, meets the gaze of the handsome half-elf again. They raise their brow in a "Get a load of this guy..." expression, if a more polite iteration. The monk can't help but smirk. He hangs his head to hide his amusement from the bard just a few seats down. Once he tames his smile he looks up to Firien again and rolls his eyes somewhat exaggeratedly in agreement.

"Oi! Where do you think you're going?"

"I demand you stop this car, that man is a scoundrel and a thief!"

"And what man is that, sir?"

"Take a bloody wild guess! He's in my bloody evening wear!" Hearing the commotion, the monk stands and moves to the nearest window where he can see a balding man in his pyjamas arguing with the conductor. He is accompanied by two well-dressed thugs, but the conductor stands his ground.

"Sorry sir, if you wish to file a complaint, you can do so with the local authorities. This car is leaving now." The conductor blows his whistle and yanks the lever to set the car in motion. There is a jolt as the car begins to chug its way up the cable. Firien spies the bard peek out the window and wave to the man outside.

"That's him! That's him! Stop the car! Hells, he's got my wig too." As if to gloat, the bard pats at his mane of blonde curls and twiddles his waxed moustache.

"Haha! Farewell, my friend! We must play again sometime." The monk sits back down, satisfied there is no trouble. He shakes his head and chuckles, perhaps amused by the bard or his own presumptions. He sits forward and looks to his fellow monks. Apparently they were all content to sit out the journey in silence and get some rest. He, however, was feeling a little more restless after the lengthy airship flight. He spots the empty seat beside Firien and, after a moment, nods to it. He speaks quietly.

"May I sit with you?" Firien looks up and blinks rapidly. They open their mouth to speak, half way through realising if they refuse the half-elf will still be sat across from them in awkward silence for the whole journey.

"Uh. Sure." The monk smiles brightly and quickly switches seats as the swaying of the cable car settles.

"Keijo." He offers his hand. Firien accepts the hand after some hesitation. Their hand was warm and notably larger than the monk's.

"Firien."

"Well met." He nods to his fellow monks. "The others are pretty beat but I'm kinda restless. I saw you on the airship from Madanau, right?" Firien nods. They glance at the other monks, all in various stages of dozing.

"Can't really blame them, it must take a lot of effort. What you guys do, I mean."

"Yeah, it can be pretty draining. I've only had to move an earthmote twice before. That one was one of the biggest we've had to deal with in a while." Keijo spares a glance at the mace on Firien's belt. "Where were you when it happened?"

"In the fields, harvesting wheat. I had to race back to town."

"You're a farmer?"

"Oh no, my family are bakers but I always go get the wheat myself. Seems the polite thing to do. And I enjoy the work."

"That's great! I trust your family are okay?"

"Oh yeah, the bakery's been around for hundreds of years, a few dozen imps aren't gonna knock it down."

"I don't suppose you bake using your fire breath?"

"Actually we have special oven for exactly that. It's a spectacle. Everyone in the neighbourhood knows it's almost lunchtime when dad start preheating the oven."

"That's wonderful! I must visit some time." The smile on the half-elf's soft lips tempts a little heat from Firien's cheeks. "If you don't mind me asking, Firien, why the mace?" Firien glances down at the mace, suddenly feeling its weight again.

"This was my dad's. He didn't think it would do to make the trip to Caelum's Landing unarmed. 'If you're going to be a cleric, you should present yourself as one' he said."

"A cleric?" The monk glances to the hair clip gathering Firien's reptilian dreadlocks. "Does this mean you have been blessed by Bahamut?" Firien's shoulders relax slightly, finally releasing a tension they didn't realise they were holding. Curiously, the monk had not assumed they were a cleric of Caelum.

"Yeah, I started shooting lightning out of my hands during the attack."

"For real? Wow. How do you feel?"

"I feel more or less myself now. Though I kinda felt like a tuning fork for days after."

"Are you going to be studying at the Oratory?" Firien nods.

"This is actually my first time leaving home. It's a lot to take in." Keijo tilts his head just a little to get a better view of Firien's expression.

"I suppose it's not just leaving home but the sudden responsibility you've been given." Not to mention the young dragonborn will be surrounded by Caelum worshippers at the Oratory. Keijo doesn't voice this, not wishing to discourage his new friend. "If you ever find cleric business weighing too heavily on you, the Temple can offer you some peace and quiet. It's on the northwestern shore." Firien perks up slightly.

"Really? I bet it's a trek to get there. In fact, I hope it is. I'm used to walking everywhere; occasionally rowing a boat across the oasis."

"What I've seen of Madanau has been breathtaking. The oasis is beautiful. I hope the druids will be able to purify the water." Firien nods, resolute.

"They will." Given their obviously nervous disposition, it's surprising to hear Firien respond so confidently. They truly believe in the strength of their home. Perhaps they cannot afford to believe otherwise. Keijo offers Firien an encouraging smile. It fades momentarily as the cable car comes to a stop. The young monk peers out the window. They were still a quarter mile from Fundus and dangling over the Altum Sea.

"Apologies for the delay everyone, there is a minor disruption at our destination which we are working to resolve. We'll notify you when we are ready to get underway. Thank you." By the gormless expressions on the passengers, this sort of delay is not uncommon. Though Firien finds no cause for alarm, they still shift uncomfortably in their seat. Keijo pipes up, perhaps trying to occupy their mind.

"Are you looking forward to seeing Caelum's Landing?"

"I guess so. Mom gave me a list of places I should visit. Honestly, I'm more worried about getting lost."

"It's not so bad. You can see the Oratory from most places so it's easy to orient yourself. I could walk with you when we arrive if you like?" Surprisingly, the prickle on Firien's neck recedes.

"Really? You don't have things to be doing?" They gesture to the line of sleeping monks before them.

"We've done them! Besides, something tells me you'll need a guide."

---

As the cable car crests the shore of Fundus, the cabin is once again filled with sunlight. The chugging of the engine slows and the car rises onto the platform. "Thank you for travelling on the Calligo Way with us today, everyone, we are now arriving at Fundus Park. Please take care as you exit the station today as there is a protest in progress. Taxi services are available to your right on your way out, thank you." The other passengers pre-emptively stand from their seats and throw their luggage over their shoulders. Peering out the window, Firien can see the protesters being ushered away from the platform by the Inland Guard and several Clerics of Caelum. As the car door opens, Firien is bombarded by the discord of the protest.

"What's that all about?"

"Miners. They're protesting about the awful conditions in the resonant mines. It's been going on for weeks. I sympathise, it's a difficult job." Firien frowns deeply. Their brassy ridges form a bulwark over their eyes, giving them a rather harsh expression. Such indignation is almost completely foreign to them. Back home, if someone had a grievance, they would be heard by the community and measures would be taken to understand and settle that grievance. Instead, the miners were having to shout as loud as they could to be heard, and yet no one was paying any attention. The patrons here were so familiar with this kind of uproar that they could turn a deaf ear without fear of consequence. A normalised apathy. Keijo hears his dorky, socially awkward companion growl from the deep recesses of their throat.

"It shouldn't be taking weeks." As they step onto the platform, Firien realises the protesters aren't organised. They were simply a group of frustrated working-class individuals, all shouting different things. The guards had chained their arms to form a barrier. Those trying to push through were waving flyers.

"Spread the word! Please!" Firien eyes the chain of Caelumites blocking the path with some disdain. They suspect their efforts to directly engage with the protesters would not be appreciated. Instinctively, their boot comes down on a discarded flyer, caught by the wind. After a moment of consideration, they unfold and examine it. A printed, monochrome image of a rotten, wooden footbridge fills the page. Though the image is dark and fuzzy, it is clear that some of the planks have snapped or are otherwise missing.

"Do you want more miners to die!?" The words steal Firien's attention. A dwarven miner behind the barrier appears to be addressing them. A lump forms in Firien's throat when they realise the meaning of the image. A miner had fallen to their death. Steeling their resolve, they pocket the flyer and catch up to Keijo.

---

Keijo links arms with his master briefly, offering a farewell before turning back to Firien. "It's a few hours' walk to Caelum's Landing, or we could get a taxi?" Keijo gestures to the kiosk outside the station where several open-top automobiles are waiting for customers. Firien follows the road north-east with their eyes. The dirt path leads to the beginnings of the larger city on the horizon. Just as Keijo said, the spire of the Oratory was visible at the city's centre. Firien seems unaware of how their turmoil is manifesting on their face. While those that knew Firien were more accustomed to them bumbling around in a socially awkward manner, reasoned irritation accentuated the sharp draconic lines of their face. Keijo found himself a little intimidated by Firien's obvious distress. It would be a fair assumption to say Caelum's Landing had not made a good first impression on its newest acolyte. Firien stares up at the spire, eyes narrowed like a predator. With a flash of sharp teeth, they exhale.

"I guess I could use a walk." The pair exit the station and the commotion of the protest soon dies down. They stick to the side of the road to allow several taxis to putter past. Along the dirt path are several other amenities one might need after a lengthy journey. A tavern, several inns, even a tourist information centre. They pass an open iron gate to their left with an arch that reads 'Fundus Park'—the small town's local park and namesake. Through the gate Firien can see rolling green hills and a lush pond with a statuesque fountain at its centre. There is even an elderly halfling selling ice cream. Beyond the park lie the patchwork farmlands of Fundus itself. Fields of bright yellow rapeseed, maize, wheat and other cereals are dotted with the windmill homes of farmers. The warm sun beats down on Firien's brow, somewhat relaxing it. The ruckus of the town is quickly replaced by the chirps of grasshoppers in the fields. Keijo breathes deeply.

"It's a bit different from Madanau, hmm? The monks tend not to indulge, but personally I rather enjoy the city life. The Church really does a lot to make sure everyone has what they need." Keijo eyes Firien's expression, looking for a sign they might perk up. "I'm pretty sure the Church will offer you lodging but there are plenty of other options." The young monk had already invited Firien to visit the temple, and Firien got the impression Keijo was skirting around inviting them once more. Perhaps he was concerned about Firien's wellbeing at the Oratory, or perhaps he was simply excited to have a new and interesting non-monk friend. Firien tilts their head, appraising Keijo. Their draconic eyes narrow and scrutinise the young monk. While other brass dragonborn might have a lick of fire in their irises, Firien appeared to have a spark of lightning.

"I'll figure something out. I trust Sana, if no one else. I have their assurance I'll be safe and respected at the Oratory, and I'm sure they won't be happy if they heard otherwise."

"Sana Sol Orbis? Wow. If they have your back, well I can think of no greater comfort." The honk of a horn behind them brings them into single file as another taxi putters past. This time, Firien recognises the strange bard and the yuan-ti from the cable car, apparently carpooling. The colourful bard would be talking the monochromatic man's ears off if he had any.

"Have you ever read Barty's Guide to Caelum's Landing? I'm working on a sequel you know Yes, Barty's Guide to the Relief! That's why I thought I'd join up with the Commission. I hear you're..." They putter out of earshot. Keijo chuckles.

"I don't envy him." This finally earns a snicker from Firien.

"I have a copy of Barty's Guide to Caelum's Landing. It's full of my mom's annotated corrections."

"Ha-ha! Was your mother an adventurer before she became a baker?" Firien nods.

"She returned to the bakery because she said she had ideas on how to use all the magic she learned."

"Between that and your father's mace, it sounds like you're well prepared." The pair pass a windmill as they approach the outskirts of Caelum's Landing. A local farmer gives the pair a wave. Keijo waves back.
"What about your father? With a mace like that, he must have been an adventurer too." Firien also gives the farmer a wave, apparently accustomed to such a greeting.

"For a little while. Though he didn't quite take to it like mom. He actually spent a lot of time as part of the local guard. He retired early from an injury, but he likes to busy himself in the bakery."

"If there's one thing guaranteed to bring people together, it's food. Did you ever think about following in their footsteps? Before all this, I mean?"

"Maybe. I genuinely love working at the bakery. In fact, I love all the steps of it. Going into the fields to help harvest the wheat, taking it to the mill to have it ground into flour. Bringing it back, firing up the ovens ready to make something delicious. It really makes you appreciate the communal effort it takes to feed everyone. It makes them happy. I'm proud to be a part of it." Keijo makes big gooey eyes at Firien. Hearing the dragonborn talk about their passions made his cheeks swell just a little.
