---
layout: post
title: Session 8 They're Not Pirates—Part 2
---

While the pirate captain is distracted by **Arti**'s threat, **Firien** stands to engage him, clutching their wound. The dragonborn's flail digs into the captain's side. Furious, the captain unleashes a flurry of slashes with scimitar and dagger which Firien dodges with some urgency. **Bantonio** approaches from behind to take the captain by surprise with a swipe of his longsword! Meanwhile, with a face full of soot, **Guy** stows his damaged pistol and whips out his rapier, slicing his belt in the process. His breeches fall down, revealing some rather luxurious bloomers. The wolves give chase. Fortunately, **Gomruss** is quick to slow the one of the wolves with a ray of frost, freezing its hind legs. The other sinks its fangs into **Blythe**'s ankle!

Blythe slices the wolf with her scimitar, then turns her keen hunter's instinct on the pirate captain. That's when two menacing mechanical hands emerge from the fog and claw down the pirate captain's back. Enraged, Arti yanks the screaming captain into the fog, frightening the surrounding pirates! Gomruss watches with some glee as the chest he catapulted into the air plummets toward a distracted pirate only for him to step out of the way. Gomruss pouts. Hesitant to hurt the wolves, Bantonio tries to distract them with food and tie them together, but the wolves are too agitated.

Now free to move, Blythe's senses guide her to where the pirate captain is being held aloft by Arti inside the fog cloud. She slashes her scimitar across the captain's chest, bringing him to his knees. Through laboured breaths the captain calls for his crew to surrender. Before they do, Gomruss catapults the chest once more into the back of the distracted pirate's head, bowling him over. Gomruss wears a smug smile. While Arti and Blythe go about binding the pirates' hands. Firien and Bantonio dutifully put down the wounded wolves. With impressive sleight of hand, Guy manages to take twenty gold, a ruby necklace and a new ornate belt from the loot, unnoticed.

Blythe signals *Tupak* with a firebolt and the aarakocra lands outside the cave entrance. After some debate, Guy offers to pilot the pirates' balloon so that they may divide the prisoners and loot. As the two balloons rise gracefully into the sky, the party watch as the earthmote below continues on its journey toward the Miasma.

> "Does your mother approve of your pirating?"
>
> *Blythe interrogates the pirate captain.*

***The party advances to 4th level!***

### Crowswood Place

Constable *Denover* and his guards await the party at Crowswood Place. The guards escort the prisoners to the carriages while the party decide to go for a celebratory drink at *The Dragon's Chalice*. Firien and Bantonio offer invitations to the Crows and Blythe successfully persuades Denover to take some downtime. Arti parts with their friends for a short time to refresh the memorial to those lost on the Miasma expedition. They replace the flowers and dust the portraits, taking note of each face. With most of the Crows headed to the Chalice, Arti seeks out *Adelaide* in the training room downstairs.

Arti finds Adelaide practising swordplay against a wooden training dummy. Their approach startles her, but she is quick to welcome them. With some hesitation, Arti relays to the chief what Lathraia had told them about his experiments into blood rituals. Adelaide remains composed but questions Arti with some intensity. She is obviously concerned by Arti's strong desire to find Glimback. Given that Hadley can only craft so many lanterns before the spring equinox, Arti determines they will need to use Lathraia's ritual if they are to launch their rescue mission on Inceptum 1st. Adelaide enlists Arti's help to report on Lathraia's activities.

> "We could still use him. It might be better to let him do his rituals in a way we can control it. If he turns we can... kill him."
>
> "You're saying we keep him on a tight leash? That might be our best option. Alright, see what you can find out for me. You're a good boy, Arti."
>
> *Arti confides in Adelaide.*

### The Dragon's Chalice




---

### **Next: [Session 9](session-9)**
### **Previous: [Session 7](session-7)**
