---
layout: post
title: Dungeon Master's Notes
published: false
---

### Session 15 (996, Roscidas 18th)

##### **Tenebrae's Refuge**

- **Firien** meets *Laucian* to deliver news of his promotion to Prefect.
- **Blythe** interrogates *Camren* who was seen speaking with *Naal* before he disappeared.
- The party are hired to destroy the ghosts invading the mines.

##### **Little Nox**

- The party enter the cave system where *Kurt*'s treasure is buried.

##### **Spirit Temple**

- Arti asks if the monks can fly an earthmote into the Miasma
- Firien meets Keijo

##### **Ingenium**

- Arti asks if the inventors can build engines to fly earthmote into the Miasma
- Arti asks if the inventors can enhance the lanterns
- Guy searches for a gemlock weapon

### Quests

##### **Clear the Mines**

If travelling to Tenebrae's Refuge via mage circle, the party will be scattered throughout the mines. 1d6 determines location.

- **Will-o'-Wisp CR 2.** Vulnerable to radiant damage and turn undead. ***Consume Terror.*** Will-o'-wisp creates a terrifying illusion as a bonus action. On failed DC 10 WIS save, target is ***frightened*** and will-o'-wisp gains 3d4 HP.

Will-o'-wisps create illusions and attempt to feed from the party's terror.

- **Arti** sees *Glimback* "Why did you abandon us, Arti? You failed us!"
- **Gomruss** sees his parents *Jaagins* and *Roolu* "What a disappointment of a son you have become."
- **Guy** sees his wife *Elyse* "I knew it. You're nothing but a filthy pirate; you're not even that! You're a nobody!"
- **Bantonio** sees Queen *Carina Diamante IV* "It would have been easier if you had just stayed dead!"
- **Blythe** sees her mother locking the door to the *Nettle Hall* bunker "I can't believe you would disobey me! You're staying inside until you've learned your lesson!"
- **Firien** sees their sibling *Charis* "Sorry, Yrevi. But you're just holding me back. You, mum, dad... I don't need you any more."

##### **Beckonhand's Treasure**

*Silas*, *Kurt*'s adopted nephew, came to the lighthouse to discover Kurt creating a will. Silas sees Kurt has written a puzzle for *Cade*, his son, as a clue to the whereabouts of his treasure. Solving the puzzle, Silas decides to rewrite the will, sending his cousin into a trap while he goes to find the real treasure. He then pushes Kurt out of the lighthouse window.

The fake will points to a dire wolf den in the *Dawnroot Forest*; a trap for Cade. *Dawnroot Druids* could aid the party.

- May encounter ***Swarm of Poisonous Snakes CR 2***
- 5-6 ***Dire Wolves CR 1*** at end of cave.
- No treasure except for dire wolf pelts.

The real will pointed to a cave on *Little Nox*, where Kurt has stashed 1000 gold worth of whiskey. Silas will be angry at the lack of treasure. However, 6000 gold lies in a chest beneath the whiskey.

- Silas may become restless if the will is not delivered to Cade and go to Little Nox to collect the treasure.
- If discovered at Little Nox, Silas will claim to be visiting the spot where he and Kurt went fishing.
- Interrogating Silas will reveal his resentment of Cade. Living and caring for a broken Kurt drove Silas to madness.
- If accused, Silas may answer "Why would I kill him if I wasn't in the will?" He shouldn't know there was a will.

- Silas is an **Ambitious Assassin CR 5** with a ring of **Mirror Image**

##### **Find Naal Berevan**

- **Blythe** may speak with *Patrocinor Mors*, the Grand Herald. Blythe will need to ***persuade*** him to reveal that **Naal** joined the *Inquisition*
  - Naal was picked for an undercover mission due to his closeness with *Camren*. Patrocinor was told to announce Naal's dismissal but refused.
- Blythe may speak with Camren, deputy minister of Tenebrae's Refuge, who will acknowledge a friendship with Naal but deny involvement in his disappearance.
  - Camren leads the Crosscut Circle on Tenebrae's Refuge.
- If able to searchCamren's quarters, Blythe may find a panel in Camren's office requires a *Crosscut Circle* to be drawn to open it.
  -  It contains correspondence that concerns failure to determine the existence of an "asset." Images taken from above Ingenium of a vehicle under construction.
- The Crosscut Circle may kidnap Blythe if her snooping proves a hindrance.
  - Camren may try to recruit Blythe and test her resolve by ordering her to deface the statue of Caelum.
  - The Crosscut Circle seek to steal a submarine being transported from Ingenium to Fundus. They wish to use this to recover the body of Tenebrae.

##### **Deal with the Debt Collectors**

- 2-4 ***Thugs*** may attack Gomruss.
- Thugs use ***Pack tactics.*** Unarmed strikes only unless the party retaliates with a weapon or magic.
- Gomruss may pay off the half-elf gambler and make him an ally.

##### **Capture a Basilisk**

Mission given by Doom. Capture a Basilisk using an Imprison Creature scroll.

- Travel to 2d12 location by glider or airship.
- **Basilisk CR 2.** ***Bite.*** +4 to hit, reach 5 ft., 2d6+2 piercing + 2d6 poison.
- **Young Basilisk CR 1.** ***Bite.*** +3 to hit, reach 5 ft., 1d4+1 piercing + 1d4 poison.
- Players must be careful of *petrifying gaze*

##### **Attend the Hearing**

Arti must attend a hearing to convince the Sol Orbis family, the Grand Inquisitor and Grand Herald that blood magic is an acceptable risk to explore the Miasma.

# Players

### Bantonio

- Bantonio's sister is a Professor of Philosophy at CLU.
- A threat on Queen *Carina*'s life by revolutionists may encourage Bantonio to return home. Commander of the *Diamond Guard* may be behind the revolution to create an excuse to declare martial law.

### Blythe



### Arti

- Without Arti's Heart, Arti is unable to attune to weapons.
- Once found, Arti's Heart may be turned into a unique weapon instead of powering Arti.
- Arti believes he recalls the face of the stranger who repaired him in the Miasma (Tenebrae).

### Gomruss

- *Gurdeep Darshan*, the representative from the *Arx Institute of Archaeology* is offering work clearing out a buried tomb in Os Terrae. The airship to Arx won't depart until Darshan has finished his work at Crowswood Place.

### Guy

- Guy must steal or illegally purchase a gemlock weapon for his captain. There is an experimental rifle on *Ingenium.*
- Guy may encounter his pirate-hunter ex-wife in the Manyshells.
- Guy may encounter his childhood nanny in the Kingdom of Diamante.

### Firien

- Firien may encounter his estranged brother, *Charis*, working as a bounty hunter or pirate.

So we have Bixi and Lorento Madizos, two Brass dragonborn probably in their 50s/60s or so and they have five kids;
- Lenna Madizos, 28, Female, Caelum Cleric
- Charis Madizos, 21, genderfluid, abandoned Firien to find adventure
- Firien Madizos, 20, non-binary, Cleric of Bahamut
- Zaen Madizos, 16, young man just come of age and taken his adult name
- Kudi Madizos (child name), 10 year old boy

# NPCs

### Cylaros (4th Level Drow Gloom Stalker Ranger)

- **HP** 28
- **AC** 16 (Leather armour 11 + DEX 5)
- **Longbow.** +9 to hit (with Archery), 1d8 piercing, 150/600 ft. **Shortsword** +7 to hit, 1d6 piercing
- **Fey Ancenstry** Advantage against being charmed, can't sleep
- **Gloom Stalker Spells.** Disguise self
- **Dread Ambusher.** Initiative + DEX 5 + WIS 3, on first turn: +10 ft., additional attack +1d8

### Cade Beckonhand (3rd Level Dwarf Champion Fighter)

- **HP** 36
- **AC** 16 (Chain mail)
- **Greataxe.** +6 to hit, 1d12 slashing. **Light Crossbow** +4 to hit, 1d8 piercing
- **Dwarven Resilience** Advantage against being poisoned, resistant to poison damage
- **Great weapon fighting.** Re-roll once on 1 or 2 for damage die.
- **Second wind.** Bonus action regain hit points 1d10 + 3 (short rest)
- **Action surge.** Additional action (short rest)
- **Improved Critical.** critical hit on a roll of 19 or 20.

### Elaina Thistlewind (3rd Level Elf Thief Rogue)

- **HP** 21
- **AC** 15 (Leather armour 11 + DEX 4)
- **Shortbow.** +6 to hit, 1d6 piercing **Daggers** +6 to hit, 1d4 piercing
- **Fey Ancenstry** Advantage against being charmed, can't sleep
- **Expertise.** Double sleight of hand and thieves tools proficiency (+8)
- **Sneak attack.** Extra 1d6 damage on attack with advantage (once per turn)
- **Cunning action.** Bonus action: Dash, Disengage, Hide, Sleight of Hand, Thieves Tools, Use an Object

### Tabitha Truesong (3rd Level Half-Elf Wizard)

- **HP** 17
- **AC** 13
- **Quarterstaff** +3 to hit, 1d6 bludgeoning
- **Spellcasting** DC 14, attack +6
- **Fey Ancenstry** Advantage against being charmed, can't sleep
- **Sculpt Spells** 1 + spell's level creatures auto save no damage
- **Wizard cantrips** Fire bolt, mage hand, message
- **Wizard 1st** Colour spray, feather fall, find familiar, shield
- **Wizard 2nd** Enlarge/reduce, misty step

### Buddleja (4th Level Fairy Trickery Cleric)

- **HP** 32
- **AC** 14 (Leather armour 11 + DEX 3)
- **Mace.** +6 to hit, 1d6 bludgeoning. **Light Crossbow** +5 to hit, 1d8 piercing
- **Spellcasting** DC 14, attack +6
- **Fairy Magic.** Druidcraft, faerie fire
- **Invoke Duplicity.** Action create illusory duplicate (30 ft.), concentration, 1 minute. Bonus action move duplicate 30 ft. Must remain within 120 ft. Cast spells from your illusion's space. Advantage against creatures within 5 feet of both you and your illusion.
- **Trickery spells.** Charm person, disguise self, mirror image, pass without trace.
- **Cleric cantrips.** Guidance, light, mending, sacred flame, spare the dying
- **Cleric 1st.** Bless, Command, Cure Wounds, Guiding Bolt, Healing Word, Sanctuary, Shield of Faith
- **Cleric 2nd.** Hold Person, Lesser Restoration, Protection from Poison, Spiritual Weapon

### Clara Sol Orbis (4th Level Aasimar Trickery Cleric)

- **HP** 32
- **AC** 14 (Leather armour 11 + DEX 3)
- **Mace.** +6 to hit, 1d6 bludgeoning. **Light Crossbow** +5 to hit, 1d8 piercing
- **Spellcasting** DC 14, attack +6
- **Celestial Resistance.** Resistance to necrotic and radiant damage.
- **Radiant Soul.** flying speed = walking speed, once per turn: deal radiant damage = proficiency
- **Invoke Duplicity.** Action create illusory duplicate (30 ft.), concentration, 1 minute. Bonus action move duplicate 30 ft. Must remain within 120 ft. Cast spells from your illusion's space. Advantage against creatures within 5 feet of both you and your illusion.
- **Trickery spells.** Charm person, disguise self, mirror image, pass without trace.
- **Cleric cantrips.** Guidance, light, mending, sacred flame, spare the dying
- **Cleric 1st.** Bless, Command, Cure Wounds, Guiding Bolt, Healing Word, Sanctuary, Shield of Faith
- **Cleric 2nd.** Hold Person, Lesser Restoration, Protection from Poison, Spiritual Weapon
