---
layout: post
title: The Six of Steel Origins—Firien Part 2
published: false
---

"Now arriving at Tenebrae's Refuge! Those heading to Caelum's Landing should follow the yellow signs to your cable car connection, that's the yellow signs to the cable car, thank you!" The distorted conductor's voice blasts out of the copper horn above Firien, bringing them abruptly out of their daydreams. They had been staring out of the window for the whole hour's trip, watching the clouds go by beneath them, spying distant earthmotes of all shapes and sizes above and below. Seeing Madanau in such a devastated state from above filled Firien with awe. They suddenly realised just how precarious were the lives of everyone down there on the edge of the Miasma. The fires had been put out, and reconstruction was well under way, hastened by the unwavering community spirit that Firien was proud to call their own. Only now a great chunk of black, hellish rock skewered the centre of the oasis like a stake through its heart. Firien had left to rumours that the rock might in some way have damaged the portal at the oasis' deepest point. If that were the case, it is likely more and more refugees from Madanau would fill airships on the way to Caelum's Landing just like this one. Firien looks around the cabin. They recognise a few faces from Madanau; those who lost their homes in the attack. Perhaps it was a testament to the Church's competence that they were able to respond to the crisis so quickly. It replaced some of the trepidation in Firien's gut with hope in their new role as an Acolyte of Bahamut. The whirr of the engines changes pitch and Firien feels the airship turn 90 degrees. With a clunk, the airship docks at Tenebrae's Refuge and the conductor unseals the door.

Firien sighs when they realise they have to get up. They allow the other passengers to shuffle past them before standing, making them the last one to step off the airship. They offer the conductor an awkward nod before ducking their head so they don't catch their horns on the door frame. Firien feels a little self-conscious walking through the airship station. For one, they are armed. Though it seemed a bit unnecessary to them, their parents insisted they should have something to protect themselves. Who knows what could happen travelling between the earthmotes? The mace hangs heavily on their belt and the humble circular shield presses against their back; a reminder of what had transpired. Firien quickly realises they sort-of-know some of the other people making this trip. Firien was a common sight around Madanau, always busy doing work or helping others where they could. It's always been hard to miss their towering crest and iridescent scales. But Firien had successfully kept to themself on the journey so far, fiddling with the carved wooden claw around their neck, still reeling from everything that's happened.

Stepping off the airship, Firien is assaulted by sunlight as the clouds part. Their first view of Tenebrae's Refuge is through squinted eyes. The airship dock is crowded with commuters, tourists and adventurers of all races, all moving at a breakneck pace. The sunlight wanes again, allowing Firien a view of the industrial shanty town that blankets the immediate horizon and most of the mountain to the east. The murmur of the crowds, the calls of the merchants and the chug of the airship's resonite engine feel oppressive. Again the sunlight bullies Firien. Raising a palm to shield their eyes, they quickly realise it's not the clouds parting, but Fundus above swaying back and forth. At this time of day, half of Tenebrae's Refuge sat comfortably in the shadow of Fio's most populous earthmote. Firien could see the cable car lines heading up to Caelum's Landing. They must be two or three miles long at least! Firien's underfoot becomes cobbles and thick mud as they step off the metal gangplank. In fact, much of the dock is caked in mud. Looking to the west, Firien could see why. The famous Fountainhead Falls cascade over Fundus' southern shore and dissipate into an iridescent mist that Firien could feel on their scales even from this distance. It was without a doubt one of the most beautiful sights Firien had seen.

"Move along please, sir." Firien is ushered into the queue of people exiting the dock, and the gangplank is lifted back onto the airship. Fortunately, they were taller than most of the other passengers and could clearly see the yellow signs they were supposed to follow. At the head of the queue, Firien spies a group of monks in yellow speaking with a local cleric. They must have been on the airship too. Were they the monks that captured the hellish earthmote that flew over Madanau? Immediately in front of Firien, a young girl clutches her mother's hand. She stares at Firien with wide, anxious eyes. Firien had seen her playing at the oasis not so long ago. They look down at the girl. Children were never really afraid of Firien, more curious, even excited by their stature and appearance. No, the anxiety on this little girl's face was down to the overload of noise and the rush of people. It's enough to make anyone feel overwhelmed. To the eyes of a child, it must be one of the scariest things possible.

As the queue moves along, the child breaks her gaze on Firien and she is ushered along by her mother. Up ahead, one of the monks claps his hand to the cleric's shoulder as a departing gesture of thanks. The monks were a group of five, and they appeared to be following the yellow signs to the Caelum's Landing connection. Other new arrivals follow, while some make their way into town. Some loiter, unable to decide where to go. Perhaps they were just trying to hear themselves think for a moment. Firien soon finds himself greeted by the cleric. A young half-drow it seems, with curtain-like silver hair. He wears heavy silver armour much like Stoutmann's, and the midnight blue armband with Caelum's symbol; a silver ring.

"Good morning, friend." The half-drow inspects Firien's weapons. "You wouldn't be the new acolyte would you?" Firien blinks rapidly at the unexpected question. They straighten up at the address, awkwardly looming over the cleric somewhat.

"Yeah, that's me."

"We were told to expect you. Name's Laucian. Welcome to Tenebrae's Refuge." The half-drow offers his hand. His half-smile seems to already be making several apologies; sorry for what's happened, sorry you got caught up in it and sorry for the commotion.

"Thanks." Despite the very blatant nerves the dragonborn is displaying, Firien's large, brass claw eventually accepts the cleric's hand, squeezing it with their natural strength. The half-drow seems momentarily surprised by Firien's grip, but he nods in appreciation.

"First time away from Madanau?"

"Is it that obvious?"

"No, not at all. I was just trying to gauge how much help you'll need." Laucian has to raise his voice to be heard as the airship's engines spin up to depart once again. "Are you staying in Tenebrae's Refuge for long or are you headed straight to Caelum's Landing?"

"Straight there, I assume, that's why I was... you know." They point, somewhat confused, toward the cable car ahead.

"Yeah, no problem, just follow the yellow signs. The cable car is free for members of the church so you can come and go as you please. If you ever find yourself back here, that's the chapel over there—the blue roof sticking out above the square. Other than that, best of luck to you."

"Thanks." Firien shuffles off, once again absently following the foot traffic toward the cable car. They wind their tail close to their body to prevent it anxiously swishing around and depriving everyone of their ankles. In their front pocket, proof of their nascent association with the church weighs heavy; a paper of identification given to them by Sana. It will apparently earn them a trip on the cable car for free, but that doesn't mean they aren't nervous as the nine hells about it.

Firien follows the yellow signs around the outskirts of town to the far shore where the cable car awaits. They pass a line of market stalls each apparently peddling a different kind of food. They spy a tabaxi swirling an enormous wok over a naked flame and hungry duergar miners line up to where a dragonborn much like himself flips sausages, eggs and bacon on a counter top grill. The smells were divine. Peering down one of the streets, Firien can even see a pagoda where those less fortunate share a communal stew. There was an abundance of culture here, even if it was hectic and muddy. The cable car comes into view. Many of the faces from the airship were in the queue. The monks were just stepping onboard.

"Next car to Caelum's Landing leaving in five minutes." Fortunately, the queue isn't so big. It gives Firien just enough time to rummage around in their pockets and pull out their identification. Firien fondles the delicate document between their clawed fingertips. The shimmer of their scales almost matched the metallic ink of the silver circle emblazoned onto the parchment. It didn't do much to settle their nerves. When they reach the head of the queue, a rotund and obviously very bored conductor stares at Firien with half-lidded eyes. He chews on something that stains the corner of his lips green. He simply pats the ticket dispenser, turning the coin slot toward him. Firien blinks, internally panicking at the conductor's unbothered demeanour. They hold up the identification with some trepidation.

"I'm with the church." Though it's true, saying the words is strange on their tongue. The special treatment was going to take some serious getting used to. The conductor takes the parchment in his stubby fingers and examines it without a word. His eyes look up from under his brow briefly to examine the dragonborn. He then hands the parchment back and tips his head to the car door. Firien exhales as they enter the car, ducking their head. They have a faint sensation of anticipation in their gut; a similar one to when they first embarked on the airship. Travel between the earthmotes isn't quite as stomach churning as they'd expected it to be, but it still disagreed with their constitution.

They have to shuffle forward and duck under handholds to find a seat. Every seat had a convenient hollow for a tail of any size, though Firien quickly discovers they aren't the most comfortable seats. They thread their slender but sizeable tail through the end seat of a row facing inward, careful not to scrape anything with the delicate spines that run its length. Only when they are settled do they relax and realise they're sat directly opposite a row of five monks in bright yellow. They stood out like sore thumbs. Two of them, an orange tiefling and an elderly dwarf, had already fallen asleep. Another, a rotund halfling, was struggling to gather their robes under their bum. Their master, a bald, oriental human, was sat beside the young girl from earlier. With a little sleight of hand, he folds his ticket into an origami swan. The young girl's eyes light up as he offers it to her. Directly opposite Firien, a fiery haired half-elf coos at the girl's reaction. He looks up and catches Firien staring. He offers the dragonborn a warm smile. The half elf bore a significant facial scar, yet his brilliant green eyes were calm and contented. Covering his neck was the most intricate tattoo of a snarling tiger.

Firien blinks their pale topaz eyes, a mixture of awe and confusion on their face. These were the people they saw above their home, the ones who flew that infernal hunk of rock away from Madanau. And now they're here, taking the public transport back home. There is something inherently ridiculous about these two facts. They do not realise they're staring until the half-elf directly across from them smiles right at them. It makes them jump again, and a warm prickle of embarrassment goes up their neck. With no idea what to do, one of their hands, which are gathered up in their lap, lifts up just enough to give him an awkward tiny wave. This only makes them feel more embarrassed. Why did they do that?

Firien earns a smile from the handsome half-elf, and he returns the awkward wave, mouthing the word "hi."
"Two minutes to departure"
A tall and slender shadow steps onto the car. At least that's what it looks like in Firien's peripheral vision. The dark figure seems to draw the attention of quite a few passengers. The man wears a smart black suit and shoulder cape. His shirt is dark purple, the collar of which is fastened by a black lace. In stark contrast to his pallid complexion, his hair is pitch black. It frames his face and covers his ears. But what is most striking about the man is his eyes. They were much further apart, higher up the skull and tilted inward slightly. The man glides between Firien and the monks. He too had to duck until he found a seat further down.

Firien recognises the face immediately. The man was Yuan-Ti; a bipedal variant of his race. It was no wonder the man was getting some strange looks. Yuan-Ti were most commonly found on Mallia, an earthmote kingdom to the erdesoutheast that had suffered through a seven-year war with the Church of Caelum. Peace was brokered 13 years ago, and Mallia had to secede its peninsula to the Church. As a result, the Yuan-Ti living there found themselves absorbed into the culture.

"One minute to departure no more tickets, thank you!"
"Ahah! Please wait I say, my dear fellow"
"No more tickets, sir."
"Ahaha that's quite alright, I already have my ticket, see? Booked in advance"
The conductor checks the ticket and allows the man onboard. Through the door appears a ridiculous human in the orange and purple garb of a bard. His bycocket hat is obnoxiously large, as is the plume of swan down that dangles from it. His ballooned trousers stroke everyone he walks past until he finally finds a seat.

Firien just sits in their seat and opts to just stare silently at the ceiling, because that would be better than rudely staring at every strange person who gets on board. Why is everyone so gods-damned weird? Is this normal. As the bard walks past Firien starts slightly as they nearly get swatted by part of his garb, and when they come back their eyes meet the handsome half-elf's again. Firien blinks at the monk, then looks down the car where the bard went, then back at the monk. They smile awkwardly, the recognisable "get a load of this guy" expression, if a more polite iteration.

The monk can't help but smirk at Firien's expression. He hangs his head slightly to hide his amusement from the bard just a few seats down. Once he tames his smile he looks up at Firien again, mouthing the word "bards." He rolls his eyes somewhat exaggeratedly for comic effect.
"Oi! Where do you think you're going?"
"I demand you stop this car, that man is a scoundrel and a thief"
"And what man is that, sir?"
"Take a bloody wild guess He's in my bloody evening wear"
Hearing the commotion, the monk stands and moves to the nearest window where he can see a balding man in his pyjamas arguing with the conductor. He is accompanied by two well-dressed thugs, but the conductor stands his ground.
"Sorry sir, if you wish to file a complaint, you can do so with the local authorities this car is leaving now."
"Now wait just a minute-"
The conductor blows his whistle and yanks the lever to set the car in motion. There is a jolt as the car begins to chug its way up the cable. Firien spies the bard peek out the window and wave to the man outside.
"That's him! Th-that's him! Stop the car! Hells, he's got my wig too"
As if to gloat, the bard pats at his mane of blonde curls and twiddles his waxed moustache.
"Hahaha Farewell, my friend We must play again sometime ahhhh."

The monk sits back down, satisfied there is no trouble. He shakes his head and chuckles, perhaps amused by the bard or his own presumptions. He sits forward and looks to his fellow monks. Apparently they were all content to sit out the journey in silence and get some rest. He, however, was feeling a little more restless after the lengthy airship flight. He spots the empty seat beside Firien and, after a moment, nods to it. He speaks quietly.
"May I sit with you?"

---

Firien looks up and blinks rapidly. They open their mouth, close it to consider. Then realise if they say no they'll just be sat here in awkward silence the whole journey.
"Uh. Sure."

The monk offers a warm smile and quickly switches seats as the swaying of the cable car settles.
"Keijo"
He offers his hand.

The dragonborn, after a moment, accepts the hand, which is very warm and notably bigger than the monk's.
"Ahh, hi Firien."

"Well met"
He nods to his fellow monks.
"The others are pretty beat but I'm kinda restless I. saw you on the airship from Madanau, right?"

"Mm, you did."
Firien also glances at the other monks, all in various stages of dozing.
". Can't really blame them, on the ground it looks like a lot of effort. What you guys do, I mean"

"Yeah, it can be pretty draining I've. only had to move an earthmote twice before and. that one was one of the biggest we've had to deal with in a while"
Keijo spares a glance at the mace on Firien's belt.
"Where were you when it happened?"

"Ah. In the fields, harvesting wheat Had to race back to town."

"You're a farmer?"

"Oh no, my family are bakers but I always go to get the wheat myself. Seems the polite thing to do. And I enjoy the work needed to do it."

"Haha that's great I. trust your family are all okay?"

"Oh yeah, the bakery's been around for hundreds of years, a few dozen imps aren't gonna knock it down"
. Also I think mom got a little excited at being able to throw spells other than "transmute flour" or "haste yeast"

"Ahaha! Haste Yeast I'll have to remember that one Now that I think about it, that seems like a really good way to work a bakery I don't suppose you bake using your fire breath?"

"Actually we have special vents in the oven for exactly that it's a spectacle, makes sure everyone in the neighbourhood knows it's almost lunchtime"

"That's wonderful I must visit some time"
The smile on the half-elf's soft lips tempts a little heat from Firien's cheeks.
"If you don't mind me asking, Firien, why the mace?"

Firien glances down at the mace and blinks, having almost forgotten about the weight now that it's resting partially on the floor.
"Oh, this was my dad's. He didn't think it would do to make the trip to Caelum's Landing unarmed. If I'm going to be a cleric, I should present myself as one already, he said"

"A cleric?"
The monk glances to the pendant around Firien's neck.
"Does this mean you have been blessed by Bahamut?"

Firien's shoulders relax slightly, letting go of a tension they didn't realise they had that he didn't say Caelum.
"Yeah, I sorta started shooting lightning out of my hands during the attack"

"For real? Wow. How do you feel?"

"Oh, I feel more or less myself again now For the whole day afterwards though I kinda felt like a tuning fork  Just sorta vaguely vibrating with energy like one of mom's fancy kitchen appliances."

"Hmhmhm I suppose it will take some getting used to. Are you. going to be studying at the Oratory?"

"Uh huh This is actually my first time leaving home It's. A lot to take in."

"Mmm."
Keijo tilts his head just a little to get a better view of Firien's expression.
"I suppose it's not just leaving home but. the sudden responsibility you have been given"
Not to mention the young Dragonborn will be surrounded by Caelum worshippers at the Oratory. Keijo doesn't voice this, not wishing to discourage his new friend.
"If at any time you find cleric business weighing too heavily on you. The Temple could offer you some peace and quiet It's on the northwestern shore"

Firien perks up slightly.
"Really? Hmm. I bet it's a trek to get there in fact. I hope so. I feel like I'm gonna need the weight of a good walk in the days to come"

"Hmhm well then you'll be glad to hear it is through lush forests and over green rolling hills But there is a taxi service if your legs aren't up to it"

"Ah, yeah that's gonna take some getting used to I'm very used to walking everywhere occasionally rowing a boat across the oasis if where I need to be is right on the opposite side and cutting across is easier"

"What I've seen of Madanau has been breathtaking The oasis is beautiful-"
Keijo hesitates for a beat.
"I hope the druids will be able to purify the water."

There's a pause. Then Firien nods, resolute.
"They will."
Given their obviously nervous disposition, it's surprising to hear them respond so confidently. Perhaps they truly believe in their home. Perhaps they cannot afford to believe anything else.

Keijo offers Firien a smile. It fades momentarily as the cable car comes to a stop. The young monk peers out the window, they were still a quarter mile from Fundus and dangling over the Altum Ocean.
"Apologies for the delay everyone, there is a minor disruption at our destination which we are working to resolve. We'll notify you when we are ready to get underway. Thank you."
By the gormless expressions on the passengers, this sort of delay is not uncommon.

Firien looks around, and upon seeing that no one is really reacting, they find no reason to do so either. Still, they settle back into their seat slightly less comfortable.
"Gotta love dangling over an endless ocean."

"Don't worry, these things are pretty sturdy Are you. looking forward to seeing Caelum's Landing?"

"Hmm? Well. I guess mom gave me a list of places I should visit honestly though. I'm mostly worried about getting lost "

"It's not so bad you can basically see the Oratory from everywhere so it's easy to orient yourself I could. walk with you when we arrive. if you like"

"Ah- really? You don't. Have. Things to be doing?"
They gesture to the line of sleeping monks in front of them.

"We've done them Besides, something tells me you'll need a guide"

"Aww man, I don't look that clueless, do I?"

"Hmhm no, of course not But you may be glad of the company when we arrive in the city"

"Hmm. Good point I really would appreciate the help"

As the cable car crests the shore of Fundus, the cabin is once again filled with sunlight. The chugging of the engine slows and the car rises onto the platform.
"Thank you for travelling on the Calligo Way with us today, everyone, we are now arriving at Fundus Park. Please take care as you exit the station today as there is a protest in progress. Taxi services are available to your right on your way out, thank you."
The other passengers preemptively stand from their seats and throw their luggage over their shoulders. Peering out the window, Firien can see the protestors being ushered away from the platform by the Inland Guard and several Clerics of Caelum. As the car door opens, their shouts become audible. They were trying to reach past the guards in order to hand a leaflet to any passenger they could reach.

Firien tries to focus out the window a little more in an attempt to hear the protesters better, or perhaps see something that indicates what their grievances are. When this fails, and everyone starts moving off the cable car, they start moving when Keijo does and gently tap his arm as they do. They nod outside and their inquiry is quiet.
"What's that all about?"

"Miners they're protesting about the awful conditions in the resonant mines. It's been going on for weeks. I sympathise, it's a difficult job."
"You coming, Keijo?"
"Coming, Master Baihu"
As they step onto the platform, Firien is bombarded by the discord of the protest. The protesters weren't organised, they were simply a group of frustrated working-class individuals, all shouting different things. The guards had chained their arms to form a barrier, those trying to push through were waving leaflets.
"Read it! Read it"
"Do you want more miners to die?"
"Spread the word! Please"
The passengers pay the protesters no attention as they head for the taxi service. Curiously, nor do the monks. Firien spots several screwed up leaflets stuck to the pavement at their feet.

Firien frowns deeply, their brassy ridges forming a bulwark over their eyes and giving them a rather harsh expression. Such discontent is almost completely foreign to them. Back home, if someone or a group of people had grievances, they would be heard out by the community and measures would be taken to understand and meet with those grievances. Here, these people are having to be as loud as they can just to be physically heard, and yet everyone around them is just. Nothing. The day-to-day shuffle of the platform is so used to this level of discontent that it's successfully tuned it out completely. A normalised apathy. As the final thought becomes clear in Firien's mind, Keijo hears his so far dorky, socially awkward companion growl from the recesses of their throat.
"It shouldn't be taking weeks."
They don't want to make a scene of cutting through the crowd to directly engage with the protesters - they eye the chain of Caelumites blocking the path and do not trust they would appreciate such an action. Instead, they scan the immediate area and eventually spot an abandoned leaflet that hasn't been too damaged by its discarding. They pluck it from the wind before it can be carried off and tuck it into one of their pockets, then continue walking. That expression hasn't made it off their face yet. If Keijo has to judge, it'd be easy to say Caelum's Landing hasn't made a good first impression on its newest acolyte.

Catching up with Keijo, they find him saying a farewell to Master Baihu as the monks make their way out of the station.
"Of course, Keijo Take care, I'll see you at the temple."
The two lock hands briefly. The master offers Firien a slight bow before joining his colleagues. Keijo turns to Firien, suddenly a little intimidated by Firien's obvious distress.
"It's erm. a couple of miles to Caelum's Landing We can walk or. we can get a taxi Have you ever been on one?"
Keijo gestures to the kiosk outside the station where several open-top automobiles are waiting for customers. There are also several bicycles available for hire in the parking bay. Firien follows the road north east with his eyes. The dirt path leads to the beginnings of the larger city on the horizon. Just as Keijo had said, the spire of the Oratory was visible at the city's centre. It didn't look too far to walk.

Firien missed Keijo's mild alarm, and honestly they have perhaps also missed how their turmoil is manifesting on their face. Whilst it was quite easy for them to look like a dork when bumbling around in their usually slightly socially awkward manner, reasoned irritation brings out the sharp draconic lines of Firien's face, a flash of sharp teeth, eyes narrowed like a predator. They stare up at the spire for a few tense seconds. Then exhale.
"I guess I could use a walk."

"I was hoping you'd say that"
The pair step out of the station and the commotion of the protest dies down. They stick to the side of the road to allow a number of taxis to putter past. Along the dirt path are a number of other amenities one might need after a lengthy journey. A tavern, several inns, even a tourist information centre. They pass an open iron gate to their left with an arch that reads Fundus Park; the small town's local park and namesake. Through the gate Firien can see rolling green hills and a lush pond with a statuesque fountain in the centre. There is even an elderly dwarf selling ice cream. Past the park are the patchwork farmlands of Fundus itself. Fields of bright yellow rapeseed, maize, wheat and other cereals are dotted with the windmill homes of farmers. The warm sun beats down on Firien's brow, somewhat relaxing it. The ruckus of the town is quickly replaced with nothing but the chirps of grasshoppers in the fields. Keijo breathes deeply.
"That's better I guess that wasn't the best introduction to Caelum's Landing, huh?"

". I think a small part of me was expecting to be disappointed at some point. I didn't expect disappointment to be the introduction."

"It's a bit different from Madanau, huh? It's. not all bad, I promise Caelum's Landing can get pretty noisy, but it's got everything you might want and then some"
Keijo eyes Firien's expression, looking for a sign they might perk up.
"The monks tend not to indulge but. personally I rather enjoy the city life The. church really do a lot to make sure everyone can have that."

It's difficult to gauge if Firien's expression is softening, because really there isn't much soft about their expression to begin with. Their brow does not relax as Keijo speaks. In fact, it only breaks the harsh line it's formed when they spot the farmlands.
"Something tells me I'm gonna prefer it out here more than anywhere else."

"You can take the dragon out of the boonies Hmhm you'll like it at the temple in that case It's very peaceful. Ahh, I'm pretty sure the Church will offer you lodging but erm- there are plenty of other options"
The young monk had already invited Firien to visit the temple, and Firien got the impression Keijo was skirting around inviting them once more. Perhaps he was just excited to have a new and interesting non-monk friend. Either that or Keijo was concerned about Firien's wellbeing at the Oratory.

Firien tilts their head at Keijo now, appraising him, as if trying to figure something out. Their eyes are pale yellow, faceted like cut topaz, and when their draconic pupil moves to scrutinise the young monk there is a brief, split second spark. Where most dragonborn have a lick of fire in their irises, Firien appears to have lightning.
"I have to at least see what I'll be dealing with. I trust Sana, if no one else. I have their assurance I'll be safe and respected at the Oratory, and I'm sure they won't be happy if they heard otherwise."

"Sana Sol Orbis? Wow If they have your back, well I can think of no greater comfort"
The honk of a horn behind them brings them into single file as another taxi putters past. This time, Firien recognises the strange bard and the yuan-ti from the cable car, apparently carpooling. The colourful bard would be talking the monochromatic man's ears off if he had any.

"Have you ever read Barty's Guide to Caelum's Landing? I'm working on a sequel you know Yes, Barty's Guide to the Relief! That's why I thought I'd join up with the Commission. I hear you're."
They putter out of earshot. Keijo chuckles.
"I don't envy him"

This, finally, pulls a snicker out of Firien.
". I have a copy of Barty's Guide to Caelum's Landing It's full of my mom's annotated corrections."

"You do? Hahaha Was your mother an adventurer before she became a baker?"

"She was She came back to take over the bakery because she had ideas for it using all the magic she learned"

"Haha Between that and your father's mace, it sounds like you're well prepared"
The pair pass a windmill as they approach the outskirts of Caelum's Landing. A local farmer gives the pair a wave. Keijo waves back.
"What about your father? With a mace like that he must have been an adventurer too?"

Firien also gives the farmer a wave, apparently accustomed to such a greeting.
"For a little while Though he didn't quite take to it like mom, he actually spent a lot of time as part of the local guard He retired early from an injury. But he likes to be busy, and the bakery is a good level of work for him :P"

"Hmhmhm If there's one thing guaranteed to bring people together, it's food Did you ever think about following in their footsteps? Before. all this I mean?"
They step to the side once more as a traditional horse and cart heads into the city. Its cargo appears to be sacks of wheat flour.

"Maybe I genuinely love working at the bakery In fact, I love most of the steps of it. Going into the fields to help harvest the wheat, taking it to the mill to have it ground into flour. Bringing it back, firing up the ovens ready to make something delicious It really makes you appreciate the communal effort it takes to feed everyone and make them happy It's more than worth being a part of"

Keijo makes big gooey eyes at Firien. Hearing the dragonborn talk about their passions made his cheeks swell just a little.
"I love working with the community too The work may be tough some days, but it doesn't feel like work at all when you're among friends. when you're making a difference"
The pair soon enter the Wind District of Caelum's Landing where the road begin to fork into several streets of housing and market stalls. Firien spies a tavern, a general goods store, even an alchemist. The smell of food fills Firien's nostrils as they venture forth and the bustle of the city quickly becomes apparent.

Firien blinks rapidly at the sudden shift. They've only just reached the city proper and already the shift in the environment is apparent. They're just thankful it seems difficult to get lost; the spires of the Oratory are easy to see no matter where one stands. With that imposing structure in their sights, Firien continues to walk, hoping not to get swept up in whatever nonsense the big city might have in store.

"Fresh fish! Caught traditionally from the banks of the Fountainhead"
"You look like you could do with a new pair of shoes, sir"
"A sweet treat for your partner, sir?"
Keijo, in contrast, beams with delight at the chaos; the sights and smells. He pauses to buy an exotic fruit from a stall for a few copper. Firien recognises this as a passion fruit, common on Madanau but obviously rare here.
"Mm Wonderful, isn't it? Do you need anything while we're here?"

Firien glances down at the passion fruit Keijo has purchased, and all it really does is remind them of what they've left behind. They train their gaze back to their destination.
"I have everything I need."
. Honestly, I think I'm surprised that only cost you a few copper can't imagine they're common around here.

Keijo nods and beckons Firien to follow.
"Mm I'm pretty sure the government subsidises businesses across the Relief to sell goods in Caelum's Landing I guess that's why it's so popular. and cheap Has your bakery ever come to sell here?"

Firien looks at Keijo in such a manner that doesn't say they think he's asked a stupid question. But perhaps they are thinking it nonetheless.
"Ah, no I don't think that's ever been a prospect We bake fresh and sell throughout the day. Sometimes we do special orders. But no, this is too far away."

"Mmm, well I guess that means you can say your goods are exclusive to Madanau"
Firien might dare to say they know a little more about economics than the young monk. They often helped their mother with the accounts and they had picked up on terms such as tax and markup. Offering bursaries to small businesses to set up shop here was a good idea. It minimised the overhead of cultivation and transportation, allowing businesses to sell more goods at cheaper prices and still make a substantial profit. However, Firien realised this would be funded by an increase in public taxation and, crucially, it diminished the exposure of businesses that operate outside of Caelum's Landing. This seemed like nothing more than a tactic to monopolise on trade across the Relief. Regardless, the bakery had always found its taxes reasonable, likely because of its small scale and location.
"You never know, maybe your bakery could become a franchise in the future"

Firien shakes their head.
"Nah. The bakery's been around almost as long as Madanau itself has. Its longevity is probably because it's a respected local staple. Less taxation, less pressure, able to rely on a steady long-term interest. And the occasional enthusiast who travels out to the town to see what all the fuss is about"

"Hmm that's pretty smart. I can see how this might put pressure on small businesses to deliver You probably wouldn't love working at the bakery so much if that were the case."
Keijo snatches a tomato headed for his face out of the air.
"Oops Hey! Sorry mister"
"We were just messing."
A pair of drow children working one of the stalls wander over. Keijo kneels down to offer the tomato back.
"No harm done But I suggest you stick to selling tomatoes instead of throwing them"
Firien feels a slight tug at their belt.

Firien's senses are keen and their reaction is immediate. Their large hand reaches down to investigate the tug, and they turn their attention downwards, their tail curling in to bracket their body. And whatever is invading their personal space.

A third drow child gasps as Firien grabs his hand. He looks up in terror with big sorrowful eyes and releases Firien's gold pouch.
"Hey! Let go of him"
As Keijo turns to the commotion, one child runs off while the girl tries to defend her friend. She tugs at Firien's armoured arm to no avail.

Firien doesn't budge when the other child ends up practically dangling from their arm. Standing up tall like this, the dragonborn's stature is imposing, foreboding. Then their hand moves to the child's wrist, a gentle hold as they turn and come down to rest at one knee. They make eye contact with the boy, who sees lightning skitter in their eyes. And they open their coinpurse.
"One of these days, you'll encounter someone cruel enough to hurt a child without a second thought. If it's not you, then you might see someone hurt your friends. Is that something you really want to see?"
The young cleric takes three silver pieces out of their purse, then turns the boy's hand over to drop them in his palm.
"Sometimes, it's better to just ask."

The drow shakes his head violently at Firien's interrogative and his eyes grow wide when the dragonborn drops the coins into his hand. The two stare at Firien for a moment. The young lad squeezes the money tight and the two back away.
"Thank you"
They dart off back toward their stall. Their father appears to have since returned to the stall none the wiser.
"That was very kind of you."

Firien looks up, then stands and continues walking as if nothing happened.
"A place this big swallows peoples' problems before they can be solved."
They glance at a tomato that's just sat on the ground in the middle of the street, just waiting for someone to step on or kick.
"Day-old produce and no one looking out for them when their parental figure is busy. A family that's not making ends meet and has no one to help bear the load. Kinda laughable in a city with this many people. But then, most people walking around don't look up."

Keijo's lips become a thin line. He couldn't think of anything to say. Firien was right.
"We're erm. almost at the Oratory, come on"
Firien notices a couple of guards wandering about the market as they walk. They appear to be satisfied no crime was occurring at this time. The Sun District was where most of Caelum's Landing's housing was situated. Thankfully it was much quieter here. Homemakers were hanging out the washing as children played happily in the electrically illuminated streets. To Firien's surprise, no guards questioned their approach to the Oratory. Rather, the grounds were open to the public. They passed several Caelumites praying at the outdoor shrines, while groundskeepers tended to the flower beds in the surrounding park. The Oratory itself was a brilliant grey marble with sharp architecture. Firien had to crane their neck just to see all the way to the top of the spire. The large double doors were open and waiting for them.
"Well here we are"

"Alright then Guess I. Should find out where I'm supposed to go."
They look at the monk beside them and tilt their head at him slightly.
"Thanks for walking with me Uh. Which way is the temple from here?"

Keijo offers a warm smile.
"My pleasure It's erm. northwest of here If you head through the Cloud District you'll find Pilgrim's Road which heads out of the city and through the foothills"

"I'll keep that in mind Have a good day now"
Firien doesn't exactly want to dismiss the monk so quickly. But they feel like they have to be focused for what's to come. They turn back to the imposing entrance and square their shoulders.
"Ahhh. Wish me luck"

"Best of luck, Firien I hope to see you again"
Keijo offers Firien a short wave and turns away once they have resolved to climb the steps to the entrance. As soon as Firien crosses the threshold, their boots begin to echo against the marble floor tiles. The reception hall is a diamond about thirty foot across and twice as high. Effigies of Caelum and the Saints adorn the walls; paintings, sculptures, tapestries and mosaics. A stained glass window to Firien's right depicts Caelum ascending to divinity. It produces sunbeams of wine red, gold and royal blue. There are a number of people sat in quiet prayer, others perhaps waiting for an audience, but no queue or reception desk to speak of. Listening carefully, Firien can hear a choir singing somewhere in the building. After a few moments, the chaplain spots Firien and approaches.
"Good morning, child How can I help you?"

Firien turns to the chaplain, somewhat surprised at being approached, but tries to keep up the brave face as they straighten up and reply.
"Ahh hello I was summoned here from Madanau. Where do new acolytes go?"

"Ah you'll want to speak with Dean Vance. Would you care to follow me?"
The chaplain is a thin human at the end of his middle age. He sports a small grey pointed beard and a waxed moustache.
"And your name is."

"Ah, Firien Madizos"

"Firien Welcome to the Oratory, my name is Willem, I'm one of the Chaplains here."
Willem leads Firien through one of the clergy-only side doors. Crossing this threshold felt like a commitment in itself. Passing through a number of lavishly-carpeted corridors, the two eventually find themselves in one of the halls where a choir of approximately thirty acolytes are in the middle of singing a hymn. The Dean stands at the rostrum while the acolytes stand facing him in the ranks of pews. The Chaplain cups his hands below his waist as he waits for the hymn to finish.
"Thank you. That will be all for today, you are dismissed."
The acolytes begin filing out of the hall and of course they spot Firien in passing. Though respectfully silent, the acolytes' eyes glinted with judgment.

Firien doesn't really notice the look of the acolytes, they just wait patiently for all of them to leave, and once they have, Firien raises a clawed hand to the Dean, then approaches.
"Pardon me, Dean. Ah, I'm Firien, Firien Madizos. Prefect Sana sent me?"

The dean closes the copy of the Ascensus on the rostrum and turns to inspect the dragonborn.
"Prefect Sana. Ah yes, the one blessed by Bahamut. Welcome, Firien, to Caelum's Landing"
The Dean offers his hand. Vance was a human with warm-tinted brown skin and short afro curls. Unlike the Chaplain, he wore an expensive but casual royal blue jumper that accented his build and poise. Instead of the Cleric's armband, he wore a silver pendant in the shape of a ring representing the Sol Orbis halo. The only signs of the man's age were the crows feet at his dark brown eyes.

"Thank you, Dean. I. Basically came straight here as soon as things calmed down in Madanau I'm ready to get settled and learn of what's expected of me here."
Firien tilts their head down slightly in a measure of respect. As much as they can; though the most nervous person present, they are also the tallest, and can't shake the feeling that they're looming a bit too much.

"Is that so? I rather thought you'd have questions before you commit to your new life here."

Firien tilts their head slightly.
"I'm supposed to have questions? I don't know what I might ask. I readily assumed the details of this "new life" would be explained to me when I arrived."

The dean nods in understanding.
"Of course, I can offer you a tour of the facilities and help you get acquainted with your timetable. but you needn't be so acquiescent."
Vance begins to walk with Firien at his side.
"I will encourage you to stay and learn, of course, but should you decide this life does not suit you, you are under no obligation to remain. I welcome any questions you may have after the orientation. In any case, you'll be glad to hear you are not the only acolyte here of another faith."
