---
layout: post
title: Session 9 The Hangover
---

While **Firien** nurses the elf's cut hand, **Bantonio** and **Blythe** get to know Constable *Denover* a little better. More talkative after three beers, Denover reveals that at twelve years of age he planted an illegal substance in the bedroom of his friend's stepfather after his investigation revealed he was being unfaithful and abusive. Though Denover owned up, the stepfather was put under scrutiny and arrested. Denover meanwhile was sent to Sunday school as punishment. Since then, he always wanted to join the *Inland Guard*.

Denover falls asleep and Blythe is able to take a peek at the constable's notebook. It shows the tasks he has completed since the start of the year, everything from arrests to traffic control. More recently, the task to inform *Cade* and *Silas Beckonhand* of their father's death has been checked. Circled beside the entry are the words *no will?* Furthermore, it appears Denover is working with the *Inquisition* to find the *Crosscut Circle*'s hideaway. Several locations are crossed out, revealing that Denover has had no success. He intends to pitch an idea to his superiors involving an agent joining the Crosscut Circle undercover.

When Blythe shares this information with Bantonio, his world is once again turned upside down. Firien has to confirm for him the existence of a secret police within the *Church of Caelum*. Bantonio retires to his room to contemplate. **Arti** meanwhile attempts to glean more information about *Lathraia's* ritual. According to him, the ritual is irreversible. Derived from his research into other blood hunter orders, it involves standing within a protective rune and inhaling a treated miasmatic solution. A blood hunter is effectively granted immunity from the effects of the Miasma, but must be careful not to trigger psychosis by abusing their abilities.

Arti learns that blood magic, necromancy and even some manipulative enchantments are outlawed in many cultures across the *Relief*. The Church regulates magical practices and has granted the Commission permission to use blood magic for medical purposes. However, Lathraia has not yet declared his intentions to *Adelaide* or the Church. Arti goes on to question *Hadley* about her lanterns. Given she cannot craft enough in time, Arti asks if the current lanterns can instead be enhanced. Hadley tears up when Arti pressures her and she rushes out of *The Dragon's Chalice*. Lathraia reassures Arti that Hadley will be fine.

> "Maybe... I could send a letter to Ingenium. There's folks there that helped us craft your heart."
>
> "What was so special about my heart?"
>
> *Hadley tears up at Arti's question.*

**Guy**, having passed out after only two glasses of wine, is carried to bed by the buxom *Brigid*. The party soon follow suit, bidding goodnight to Denover and the Crows.

##### 996, Roscidas 17th

The next morning, **Gomruss** is startled to find the wizard from the bar curled up naked beside him in bed. Unable to remember her name, Gomruss nervously apologises. Fortunately, the half-elf's teasing seems to be good-natured. She introduces herself as *Tabitha Truesong* and proclaims she will kick his arse at the *New Blood Tournament*. Gomruss' expletives fail to wake Guy, who is still dead to the world. Tabitha has to jog the dragonborn's memory by showing him the application he apparently signed on behalf of his entire party. A prize of ***1000 gold*** awaits the adventurers that can complete the tournament's four challenges. Gomruss explains this to the others on the way back to Crowswood Place. Despite the tournament being only hours away, the party decide they have nothing to lose!

### Crowswood Place

Arriving back at Crowswood Place, Blythe takes the opportunity to brush up on her archery. She persuades a Crow to balance an apple atop his head so she might use him as a target. Blythe's first shot misses, her second hits, and her third bludgeons the poor Crow's nose. Gomruss too intends to revise for the upcoming tournament. Interrogating *Subira* earns him a book of riddles, ten of which he guesses correctly!

***Blythe and Gomruss gain advantage on 1 ability check of their choice during the tournament.***

Firien takes a moment to catch up with *Oscar*. The dragonborn once again offers their support should the Commission's newest member wish to speak with *Aura Sol Orbis*. Bantonio, exhilarated by the idea of meeting the Exarch of the Church of Caelum, pleads to join them. Oscar, in a moment of trust, lifts her hat to reveal the Sol Orbis family halo on her forehead.

> "My name is Clara Sol Orbis, I'm Aura's sister. She made me the Prefect of Tenebrae's Refuge but... it's kinda boring. I'd rather go on adventures with the Commission!"
>
> "Well, it was truly an honour to fight beside you, Clara."
>
> *Oscar reveals her true identity to Bantonio.*

After sharing an apologetic hug with Hadley, Arti reports to Adelaide in her office. The chief is astonished by the ream of paper Arti places on her desk, which includes calculations for the ambitious number of lanterns needed to create a safe path to Glimback's last known location. Adelaide is understandably apprehensive when Arti describes Lathraia's ritual, but is intrigued by the warforged's suggestion.

> "The earthmote going north, the one with the pirates... could we ride it into the Miasma?"
>
> "You want to sail an earthmote protected by lanterns into the Miasma like it's an airship? That would be pretty fucking awesome."
>
> *Arti to Adelaide*

Adelaide suggests Arti visit the monks of the Spirit Temple on the north west shore of Fundus; they have the power to move earthmotes. Meanwhile, she will prepare a proposal for the Church in regards to formalising Lathraia's blood hunter ritual.

---

### **Next: [Session 10](session-10)**
### **Previous: [Session 8](session-8)**
