---
layout: post
title: Guilds and Adventurers
---

### Nox

Reclusive silver dragon of Nox.

### Aequor

Giant chromatic wandering sea-dragon of Contritus. Seahorse-like features.

### Vulcan

Giant mountain-like dragon asleep under Montanum

### Vasilissa

Queen of Mallia.

### Neira

### Meizilde

### Cylaros

### Lothran

---

# College of Retainers

### Agnes Briar-Colton

---

# Mining Consortium

## Notable Members

### Havat Eilistre

Governor of Micantrum.

---

# Bounty Hunters Codex

## Notable Members

### Vigor

Tiefling bard-barian with a heart of gold

### Gertrude "Gerti" Garnetgrinder

Vigor's tiny punk deep gnome wizard friend

### Xander Coppermane

Hardy ginger-bearded human adventurer with a strange inhabited cloak

---

# Merchants Guild

## Notable Members

### Hashim Al-Hashim

Governor of Arx

### Majdi

Portly elf merchant drunken master travels in airship caravan

---

# Ingenium Inventors Association

### Zephan Calligo

Air genasi grandson of Artifex, lantern heart designer

### Eureka Midnight

Human lantern heart designer and warforged builder

### Brogar Stonehelm

Dwarf weapons designer

### Dobbin Tinkertop

Artificer with experience building warforged

---

# House Diamante

### Carina Diamante IV

34, Queen, eldest daughter and head of House Diamante. Married to Rafael de Florencia.

### Rafael de Florencia

35, Queen's consort, third child of House Florencia, younger brother to Isabela Santiago.

# House Santiago

### Notable Members

- **Giovanni Santiago** 75, head of House Santiago, husband to Juliana, father to five including Rodrigo Santiago (Rachael). Adviser to the queen, amateur cartographer.
- **Juliana Santiago** 73, husband to Giovanni, formerly of house Lucia. Retired knight and historian
  - **Alessandra Santiago** 26, student of philosophy
  - **Rodrigo Santiago** 34, assumed dead, current alias Bantonio Anderas
  - **Francesca Santiago** 42, diplomat
  - **Alfonso Santiago** 47, cleric and apothecary with a green thumb
  - **Isabela Santiago** 49, wife to Alfonso, formerly of House Florencia. Professor of Philosophy at CLU. Collects antiques.
    - **Elisa Santiago** 23, daughter of Alfonso and Isabela, musician
    - **Cecilia Santiago** 20, squire under the tutelage of a Diamond Guard
    - **Rodrigo Santiago II** 17, student

# House Leonardi

### Notable Members

- **Damain Leonardi** 38, husband to Magerite, wizard and head of House Leonardi
- **Magerite Leonardi** 37, sister to Rodrigo Santiago, poet and astronomer
  - **Paulo & Frencesco Leonardi** 8, excitable twin brothers, students of acrobatics and martial arts respectively
