---
layout: post
title: Campaign Log Session 1
---

### Prologue

Almost 1,000 years ago, in a bid for power, the fiend [Tenebrae](getting-started#tenebrae) conducted a dark ritual to grow the skeleton of a colossal war machine from the very earth beneath [Discidium](discidium). Flying high above the *Oratory*, [Caelum Sol Orbis](getting-started#caelum-sol-orbis), Grand Paladin, watched in horror as [Mundi Eversor](getting-started#mundi-eversor) erupted from the ground and strode toward [Profundus](profundus) leaving volcanic ash in its wake. So great was Eversor in size that it seemed to rise from the horizon as great chunks of earth crumbled away from its metallic form.

Caelum and his winged paladins soared across the [Altum Ocean](profundus#altum-ocean) to intercept the colossus. Engulfed in a radiant inferno, Caelum ascended to deliver a final blow to Eversor. The dark heart of Eversor exploded, releasing the [Miasma](getting-started#the-miasma), a harrowing purple fog that would engulf the land for centuries to come. The magical shock-wave enchanted deposits of [resonite](getting-started#resonance-engines) in the earth and the land began to fracture and rise, creating the [earthmotes](exploration#earthmotes). As a fissure opened up around his home, Caelum stood at its centre and raised his wings. A mighty golden shield grew around Profundus, holding back the Miasma as the world transformed forever.

It is the 14th day of Roscidas, 996 PO, nearly one millennium after the *Rising*. Winter is coming to an end and six adventurers now make their way to Caelum's Landing via the *Calligo Way*, the network of powered cable cars and zip lines that connect [Fundus](profundus#fundus) to the [Innermotes](profundus#the-innermotes).

### Zipper Pirate Attack

Looking out the window, the adventurers see the earthmote Fundus. It appears like a mighty inverted mountain in the clouds. Its underbelly glimmers with enchanted purple resonite ores. The *Fountainhead River* cascades over the shore and diffuses into the air nourishing a perpetual rainbow below. Directly beneath Fundus lie the [Resonant Mines](profundus#resonant-mines); the crater from which Fundus arose almost 1,000 years ago. The mine is a crystalline sinkhole with scaffolding spiralling down to seemingly never ending depths. Floating chunks of enchanted ore that have separated from Fundus litter the sky, appearing like an enormous explosion frozen in time.

The cable car screeches to a halt and the driver's voice sounds over the loudspeaker to signal a delay. **Guy** becomes uneasy as he senses a tremor beneath his feet. He alerts the party and they stand ready. The sound of something zipping down the cable quickly becomes apparent and six sets of boots hit the roof of the car. When the windows shatter and the pirates leap into the car, **Arti** is the first to react, immediately defenestrating the unfortunate pirate that landed beside them.

**Firien** springs into action, successfully grappling the pirate captain. The captain pushes his pistol into the dragonborn's gut, but Firien is quick to slap the pistol away. The bullet shatters the window behind them. Sensing an opportunity, Firien heaves the captain toward the open window and pulls his parachute. The captain manages to grab a handhold as he is seized by the wind. He cuts away his parachute using his scimitar.

Meanwhile, Guy's quick reflexes put a bullet in one of the pirate's sides. **Blythe** leaps over their chair to decapitate them with a slash of their scimitar. The pirate's head rolls the length of the car, scaring the other passengers; a young halfling in particular, whom **Bantonio** is quick to console. When **Gomruss** fails to land a shocking grasp, he is slashed by another pirate's scimitar.

Free to move, Arti lifts the discombobulated captain by his collar and dangles him from the window, demanding the pirates STOP. The captain's underlings feign surrender and one manages to critically injure Arti using their zip-wheel! The ball bearings clatter against the warforged's metallic body leaving significant dents. While Gomruss' attacker flees, Guy skewers another with his rapier. Bantonio makes a final plea for truce and the pirates stand down.

The adventurers bind the pirates and return the passengers' valuables save for 10 gold plucked by Guy. Upon reaching [Fundus Park](profundus#fundus-park) Station, the party is met by Constable *Michael Denover* of the [Inland Guard](ministry#inland-guard) who takes everyone's names. Bantonio and Blythe slip away without filing a report. Blythe is able to pickpocket the constable's badge.

> **Zip-wheel.** You drop a handful of ball bearings into your zip-wheel while it spins at high speed. Ranged Weapon Attack: +DEX +PRO, 15-foot cone. On hit: 3d4 bludgeoning. On natural 1: zip-wheel jams and must be repaired using an action.
