---
layout: post
title: Session 11 The Six of Steel—Part 1
---

Having won all five challenges, The *Six of Steel* enter the final with ten flags versus the *Feywild Ones*' five. *Tabitha*, *Elaina*, *Cade*, *Cylaros* and *Buddleja* approach to meet their opponents face to face. Outraged by his sheer luck, Tabitha shares playful banter with **Gomruss** while Cylaros expresses his admiration of **Blythe**'s skills as an archer. **Firien** returns to the party, burger in hand, and introduces themselves. While Cade fascinates himself with **Arti**'s story, **Guy** spots two of the referees looking in his direction and promptly decides to visit the latrine, making Firien his substitute. *Vigor* rings the bell and announces the beginning of the preparatory stage of the final. The two teams huddle up either side of the playing field to discuss tactics. **Bantonio**, one boot on the barricade, delivers an inspirational speech.

> "My friends, we are going to win this... and we are going to have fun doing it. Stay hard!"
>
> *Bantonio inspires the Six of Steel.*

***The party each gain 7 temporary hit points.***

The teams prepare their flags and on the sound of the bell the final begins! Elaina is the first to act, loosing an arrow at Firien before disappearing behind a barricade. A splatter of red paint dirties Firien's armour but they seem unfazed. When Gomruss loudly announces himself, Cylaros looses a devastating three-arrow volley, splattering the dragonborn with red paint! Arti unfurls their wings and takes a running jump! Springing off a boulder, the warforged is able to glide over the difficult terrain and land right in front of Buddleja. She, Arti and Cade each carry flags. Terrified by Arti's sudden appearance, Buddleja summons a duplicate of herself, also with a flag. The identical fairies part just as Arti's Glaive hits the barricade between them. Sensing a threat, Tabitha attempts to shrink Arti but the warforged tears through her magical veil with ease. Cade's greataxe attack is deflected by Arti's strong armour.

Blythe scans the field for the opponents' flags and meets Cylaros' gaze. She marks him as her quarry. Bantonio climbs down to the centre field and begins to dig as if burying his flag. Fortunately, he is able to notice Elaina creeping up on him. Her sneak attack is foiled when he slashes her arm, divesting her of one of her two daggers. The two enter a scuffle, unable to strike one another. Bantonio rips his shirt with his own longsword, flustering the otherwise elegant elf. Firien jumps down to the centre field and points between Cade and Buddleja. An ear-splitting sound engulfs them both and Buddleja's duplicate disappears! The shatter spell dislodges Cade's flag. It flutters in the air allowing Gomruss to propel the flag with his graviturgy! Cade fails to snatch his flag from the air and it sails swiftly into the Six of Steel's brazier!

> "An unprecedented move from Gomruss! A well-timed catapult spell has earned the Six of Steel their first point!"
>
> *Vigor provides commentary on the final.*

As Buddleja flees toward the centre field, Arti throws their glaive, piercing the fairy's flag and pinning it to a boulder. Arti doesn't notice Tabitha's mage hand appear behind them. The hand plucks the flag from Arti's chest and flees to deposit it into the Feywild Ones' brazier, making the score one all! Meanwhile, Buddleja re-adorns her flag then spots Bantonio posing in front of Elaina. Sensing an opportunity, the fairy flutters out from behind the boulder and swoons, charming the shirtless romantic. Elaina recomposes herself and attempts to question Bantonio, but quickly realises he doesn't have a flag, nor does he know where the others are. Buddleja palms her forehead in exasperation.

> "A handsome man like you should be on our team!"
>
> "Anything for you, my dear."
>
> "Where are your flags?"
>
> "I don't know. I could ask my companions?"
>
> *Buddleja and Elaina realise they charmed the wrong person.*







---

### **Next: [Session 12](session-12)**
### **Previous: [Session 10](session-10)**
