---
layout: post
title: Session 51 The Beach Episode
---

Reconvening in the gardens, the *Six of Steel* pay attention to **Guy** as he humbly requests their help. Summarising the letter he received, he explains that his wife, *Elyse*, may be in danger. Without hesitation, the party agree to accompany Captain Brush on a quest to *Runnelstone*.

## **996, Inceptum 24th**

The following morning, while **Arti** enjoys a day of rest with his father, **Firien** reunites with *Grevik*. Relieved the *Oratory* is open to the public once again, the shy half-orc offers his congratulations. Dean *Vance* also offers praise, but quickly relents when Firien explains they are bound for the *Manyshells*. Though Vance questions Firien, he understands the need for secrecy.

Firien finds the Sol Orbis siblings bickering in *Aura*'s study. It seems *Spiro* is dissatisfied with *Tristis*' punishment—or lack thereof. He is angered further when Firien reveals that *Tristis* attacked the *Dawnroot Druids* and altered their memories to retrieve a secret letter. *Sana* vouches for *Roshia*'s reliable information.

> "This is troubling. We observe a treaty with the druids to uphold their independence. If Tristis is willing to break the law, that makes him a very dangerous man. I can see why you didn't want to raise this matter in the hearing."
>
> *Aura to Firien.*

Spiro pursues Firien as they leave the Oratory. With some hesitation, he asks if they might spend some time together before they leave for the Manyshells. Endeared by the Grand Paladin's fumbled words, Firien invites him to their favourite tavern, *The Dragon's Chalice*. Enjoying a meal at an outdoor restaurant nearby, **Bantonio** and **Blythe** coo in unison when they spot the smitten pair.

> "Are you not worried about public scrutiny? The Grand Paladin dating an acolyte of Bahamut?"
>
> "What? No! If anything, this is a good message to send. The Church doesn't get to choose who I love—"
>
> *Firien to Spiro.*

### Bandorul Estate

Meanwhile, **Gomruss** returns home to the proud embrace of his parents. *Roolu* has prepared Gomruss' favourite meal while *Jaagins* is set to chronicle his adventure in the family scrapbook. Though Gomruss must omit certain revelations, his parents are transfixed by the tale. Jaagins guffaws when Gomruss enacts shooting a fireball down a morkoth's urethra. Roolu's eyes sparkle at the treasures her son liberated from its lair.

Jaagins bristles when Gomruss announces his quest to the Manyshells. Turning several pages of his scrapbook, Jaagins presents the Bandorul family tree. He points out his eccentric half brother, *Bidreked*, who apparently fled to the Manyshells tempted by *Umberlee*'s fortune. Jaagins expresses his confidence in Gomruss, but warns of the Bitch Queen's indiscriminate wrath.

## **996, Inceptum 25th**

### Caelum's Landing

Guy, Bantonio and Blythe replenish their potions and ammunition before regrouping with Arti, Firien and Gomruss in the market. Firien attempts to contact *Subira*. To their relief, she whispers a concise reply. "Captured... venom destroyed." Consulting *Agnes* via sending, Firien learns that Runnelstone has been attacked by pirates. Guy's former nanny is unable to meet the Six of Steel as she is aboard a ship set to rendezvous with the pirates.

Gomruss casts sending to *Roshia*. She has arrived safely in *Arx* and plans to assist Doctor *Gurdeep Darshan* on an expedition into a newly unearthed ruin in *Os Terrae*. Roshia seems confused when Gomruss mentions the attack on the druids. Could the Inquisition have altered her memory? If so, Roshia requests Gomruss return her pocket watch as soon as possible. Studying the airship timetables, Guy recommends the cheaper airship from *Sunward Wharf* to *Longrock*; a four-day journey.

## **996, Flavum 1st**

### Longrock

As the airship's envelope deflates, two hydrofoils emerge from the gondola, converting the airship into a sailboat. Guy inhales the thick sea air, happy to be seaborne once again. Approaching the coast, the Six of Steel can see Runnelstone to the east. Though the conflict is over, columns of smoke continue to rise from fires in the harbour. Manoeuvring into Longrock bay, the passengers are greeted by warm sands and crystalline water. Sturdy stone buildings line tiered cliffs which encircle the bay.

Firien heads straight for the local chapel, while Guy studies a local newspaper. According to *The Lighthouse*, the pirates used hot shots to set Runnelstone ablaze. The largest of the attacking ships was witnessed flying the flag of notorious pirate, *Bhaldrom Anchorheart*.

Firien greets Chaplain *Durzus*, a dishevelled triton with long, green hair. He appears to have customised his heavy armour for swimming. Though Firien's attire lacks a Caelum armband, the chaplain recognises them as a friend of the Church. His investigations led him to believe that the pirates' real target was *Rose Merryn’s Pre-Loved Goods*.

---

### **Next: [Session 52](session-52)**
### **Previous: [Session 50](session-50)**
