---
layout: post
title: Session 56 Wake of Disaster
---

While the *Six of Steel* debate their next move, **Arti** and **Gomruss** follow *Daniel* to his workshop. After rummaging through several mounds of clutter, Daniel pulls out his old pair of ***high jump boots*** which he offers to Arti as a gift. **Guy** asks for a copy of the map. Instead, Daniel suggests they borrow *DAV3* so they might have a live projection of Anchorheart's movements through *Killigrew Mor*. DAV3 seems bewildered when **Bantonio** places a hat atop its ovoid head.

### The Marley

*Elyse* paces as she summarises the Six of Steel's options. They could follow the *Umberlee's Wrath*'s elemental wake, but she dare not risk the *Marley* in an engagement with *Anchorheart*'s flotilla—not without support. They could visit *Anchora* and appeal to Vice Admiral *Kilik*, or perhaps his Church attaché, *Andry Faithweaver*, but this would mean spending three days sailing in the opposite direction.

Guy remains hesitant to contact his father, though he might be able to marshal CSCA support given time and incentive. Finally, Elyse suggests Guy lure Anchorheart to a remote island with the promise of handing over the triple-barrelled gemlock rifle. This way, they could set the terms of engagement. However, there was little chance Anchorheart would abide by those terms.

**Firien** strokes their chin. Perhaps the Church could provide support. They cast sending to Chaplain *Durzus* and report their progress, subtly revealing their knowledge of the basilisk venom. Though taken aback, Durzus reveals that only he and the chaplains were informed of Prefect *Jeremias Blackflight*'s precautionary purchase. Evidently, the prefect expected a Mallian incursion but did not want to spread alarm.

With this new information, Firien suggests Elyse drop the Six of Steel off at *Sullivanwick*, intent on securing the prefect’s support. The Marley could then set sail for Anchora without them. The Marley sets sail north-west and Firien returns to their quarters to cast another sending. *Spiro* scoffs at the mention of Blackflight and warns of his parsimony. According to the Grand Paladin, Blackflight is a distant relation of the Sol Orbis family. Firien might persuade him by wounding his pride.

**Blythe** signals the approach of a curious merchant ship. The paddle steamer appears to be driven by a tortle sat at a pipe organ. Coloured smoke belches from the smokestacks as he plays. The ship's name is painted on its bow—the *Pompous Piper*. Elyse agrees to a gam in order to resupply the Marley.

### The Pompous Piper

The tortle plays a welcoming melody as the Six of Steel come aboard. A tall, blue firbolg introduces himself as *Beilar Summercloud*, peddler of adventuring gear. With incorrigible enthusiasm, Gomruss asks if Beilar sells magical items. The firbolg taps his nose and shows Gomruss and Firien to *Morxalim*'s tent. Meanwhile, Arti and Bantonio meet *Dworic*, a shirtless dwarf beast handler. Under his guidance, they are allowed to feed and pet his proud Antiquan smilodon.

Beilar explains that Morxalim is a somewhat eccentric tiefling originally from *Xor*. Hence, they prefer to conduct their divinations in candlelight. Entering the tent, Gomruss and Firien are greeted by the kaleidoscopic glow of a thousand magical trinkets on paternoster shelves. Morxalim sits at an ornate table, shuffling a tarot deck. Their deep blue complexion is freckled with stars and their snow white hair is woven into the branches of their extensive antler-like horns.

> "Hello! My name is Gomruss-"
>
> "Yardos Bandorul. Quickly, did you have bacon for breakfast?"
>
> "What? No! I had porridge."
>
> "Oh thank goodness, then there was never any danger..."
>
> *Gomruss greets Morxalim.*

Before studying the items on sale, Gomruss sits opposite Morxalim, fascinated by their uncanny ability. Firien keeps a close eye on the tiefling as they deal Gomruss' fortune. Gomruss gulps when Morxalim alludes to his buried past, but is encouraged by apparent opportunities on the horizon. Bantonio arrives in time to witness the divination and asks after his lover, Queen *Carina*. Morxalim studies the cards. It seems though she resents her duties, her resolve has hardened in the wake of *Rodrigo*'s death. Furthermore, she is suspicious of someone close to her. Bantonio holds back tears as he thanks Morxalim.

While Gomruss examines the shelves, Firien notices inconsistencies in Morxalim's behaviour and asks after their wellbeing. According to them, they sometimes struggle to parse invasive memories from different timelines where alternative decisions have been made, altering the chain of events. Fortunately, the mention of chronurgy distracts Gomruss from a tempting cursed weapon and he begins a complex lecture.

Glancing at the shelves, Bantonio discovers a curious puzzle cube decorated with Primal Antiquan script. Morxalim believes the item to be a Daern's Instant Fortress. However, they were never told its command word. Gomruss offers to identify the cube in exchange for a generous discount on the item. Morxalim agrees, expressing their gratitude toward the six heroes. Gomruss beckons Guy inside the tent, excited to inform him of their ***3000 gold*** purchase.

---

### **Next: [Session 56](session-56)**
### **Previous: [Session 54](session-54)**
