---
layout: post
title: Session 54 Maybe It's Umberlee
---

As **Guy** prepares the boarding plank, **Gomruss** inhales a familiar scent. A cloud of pink dust had enveloped the sloop when his grav-shot struck the cargo bay. The pirates were smuggling *joose*! **Firien** summons a gust of wind to disperse the cloud, revealing a confused crew. Those that aren't unconscious or vomiting appear to be hallucinating. **Blythe** catches an invisible crewman while **Bantonio** helps another down from an impromptu flying lesson. **Arti** helps *Elyse* corral and bind the crew. Firien and Gomruss tend to the drunken captain before inspecting the cargo bay.

The pair discover several smashed crates. Joose bottles roll across the deck stained pink with dust. Gomruss identifies the substance as fey dust. It can be added to dubious healing potions to create joose of varying quality. Given the ill effects suffered by the crew, Gomruss concludes this dust was not ethically sourced. Regardless, Firien is able to study the dust and improvise a medicine to restore the crew's wits. In the hold, Guy discovers 249 gold, three healing potions and a scroll of water bullet, which he offers to Gomruss.

### Logan's Rock

After placing the third buoy, the *Marley* moors at *Logan's Rock* to relinquish custody of the pirates. Elyse and Guy interrogate the sloop's captain. He had been flying false colours to avoid the scrutiny of *Bhaldrom Anchorheart*, whose control of *Killigrew Mor* was undisputed. Guy presses the captain for information, but the sly human had only heard rumours. According to him, Anchorheart may be involved with several ships spotted sailing south-west from the *Farwest Archipelago*. Later, *Julian* receives a message from his contacts confirming the destination of these ships: *Os Terrae*. Firien and Bantonio share a knowing glance.

Firien explains how the desert region of Os Terrae is inhabited by competing *githzechi* clans who fight over minerals deposited by the *shka'keth*, an enormous sinkhole leading to the elemental plane of earth. If *Anchorheart* or indeed the *Crosscut Circle* could ally themselves with one of the githzechi clans, not only would they have the resources to continue construction of the submarine, but they would have the githzechi's shipbuilding expertise.

### The Marley

Gomruss casts sending to inform *Buddleja* of the fey dust smuggling operation. Though desperately angry, the fairy explains the *Feywild Ones* are currently occupied negotiating with the Inquisition. *Tristis* had approached the party to assess their knowledge of events when *Lothran* volunteered to help find the remaining pillars. The Feywild Ones are now debating whether or not to take the same oath as the *Six of Steel*. Firien replies, urging Buddleja to wait until the Six of Steel return to Caelum's Landing.

As the sun begins to set, Guy knocks on Elyse's door. He expresses his support for any decision of hers regarding Anchorheart's fate. At first, Elyse berates Guy for blindly deferring to her judgement, then admits to debating the efficacy of capturing Anchorheart as instructed. Killing him would better serve the *Manyshells* and satisfy her desire for vengeance. Guy, though empathetic, reminds Elyse of her father's principles. They must set a moral precedent for the nascent *Free Trade Navy*.

> "Perhaps it's not enough to kill the man, but to kill the idea of the man."
>
> *Guy to Elyse.*

Satisfied, Elyse changes the subject. She questions Guy's intentions once they find Anchorheart. Tailing the *Umberlee's Wrath* was a risk. Anchorheart's vessel could easily overpower the Marley if they were discovered. Elyse remains sceptical of Free Trade Navy support, whereas Guy seems confident he could bribe his father to offer CSCA support. Perhaps they could lure Anchorheart to neutral territory with the promise of handing over Guy's triple-barrelled gemlock rifle.

While Firien casts sending to *Spiro*, Blythe announces a pair of minke whales off the port bow. The whales surface alongside the Marley and playfully spray the crew. Arti reaches over the side to greet the whales and they begin to sing a familiar song. Arti shares an excited glance with *Ten*. Were the whales trying to lead them to another pillar? The Six of Steel agree to prioritise rescuing *Rose* and *Subira*, so Arti bids the whales a reluctant farewell.

## **996, Flavum 4th**

The rising sun glitters on a calm sea as the crew place the fourth buoy. A sudden mist rolls in and Blythe spots the outline of a large ship to port. Upon closer inspection, Guy identifies the ship as a 200-year-old Antiquan bǎochuán or treasure ship. To his surprise, its hull is translucent—a ghost ship! Gomruss theorises the crew may have been cursed by *Umberlee* during the Antiquan armada of 768 PO. Elyse orders the creaking spars secured as the Marley drifts silently by, unnoticed.

---

### **Next: [Session 55](session-55)**
### **Previous: [Session 53](session-53)**
