---
layout: post
title: Session 53 Message in a Bottle
---

Feeling nostalgic, **Guy** studies the changes made to his old quarters on the *Marley*. Lying in his hammock, he thumbs the sigil on *Rose*'s sending stone once more. His ears prick up at a series of taps and scrapes on the recording. Rose had left a message in hoarse code! He and **Arti** work together to translate the code. It reads 'Follow fog. Find Daniel.'

Guy studies his map and finds *Daniel's Island* west of *Longrock*. He recalls how the island was abandoned after a series of destructive storms. *Daniel*, an eccentric meteorologist, repurposed the island's chapel for his research. With haste, Guy summons *Elyse* and the *Six of Steel*. Perhaps Daniel could tell them more about the fog.

## **996, Flavum 2nd**

The following morning presents clear skies. Course set for Daniel's Island, *Julian* adds the Six of Steel to the Marley's duty roster. While **Firien** concentrates on a gust of wind to accelerate the Marley, they spot Guy deliberately avoiding Elyse. On a break, they block Guy's path to address his misgivings. The lovesick captain doffs his hat in appreciation before joining the crew for a bowl of **Gomruss**' pressure-cooked fish stew.

> "I've already failed her as an officer and a husband, I won't fail her again."
>
> "Guy, you've gotta ask yourself what good your self pity serves..."
>
> *Guy confides in Firien.*

### Daniel's Island

Approaching Daniel's Island, **Blythe** examines the chapel through her spyglass. A curious device has been mounted to its spire; three brass rings encircle a light source like a gyroscope. The tower mirrors a similar deactivated structure on the islet opposite. Curiously, a visible tidemark separates the upper third of Daniel's Island. While rotten wood and algae litter the shore, the garden around the chapel is immaculate.

The Six of Steel are greeted by *DAV3*, an automaton in Daniel's service, who shows them inside. Daniel emerges from behind a chalkboard, excited to meet the famous adventurers who dispersed the Miasma. When asked about the fog, he offers several explanations. *Anchorheart* could have enhanced his Tempest powers or used a magical artefact to create the fog, but it was more likely he had bound a water elemental to his ship.

To track such an elemental, Daniel requires six buoys to be placed around *Killigrew Mor*. Sending stones attached to the buoys record wind speed and water temperature which, when projected on a map, will show the elemental's path over time. Firien studies the eccentric human and judges him to be trustworthy if somewhat egotistical. However, Blythe remains suspicious when she spies the ring on Daniel's index finger. Stamped into the gold was the same eye sigil she found on the business card from *Ingenium*.

**Bantonio**'s jaw hits the floor. He had seen the same sigil tattooed on *Loronath*'s chest! Daniel explains the symbol belongs to the *Society of Brilliance*, a think tank of reclusive but exceptional scholars, apparently fastidious in their recruitment policy. Daniel believes the card Blythe received must be a puzzle. If she could solve it, she may gain entry into the society. When Bantonio burned the card, it produced the smell of *joose*, which Gomruss unwittingly inhaled.

### The Marley

After some deliberation, Elyse concludes Daniel's lead to be sound and agrees to place the buoys. Guy charts a course around Killigrew Mor following the wind gauge, allowing them to place the first buoy before sunset. Hours later, serving on the night watch, Blythe spots debris in the water. She alerts Elyse, who brings the Marley alongside to investigate. Julian's dancing lights reveal the wreckage of a CSCA vessel and its decaying crew.

Gomruss swallows the lump in his throat and helps retrieve the few remaining crates of supplies. Guy examines the ship's mast. It appears to have been destroyed by a chain shot; a tactic favoured by Anchorheart. He removes his hat when Elyse delivers the last rites. Hours later, Blythe reports another wrecked CSCA vessel, west of *Wolf Rock*. Unfortunately, the wrecks are too old to be of use in tracking Anchorheart.

## **996, Flavum 3rd**

After placing the second buoy, Elyse finds Guy searching Wolf Rock with his spyglass. Embarrassed, Guy spins around. He was sure his wife didn't know where he had scuttled the *Threepwood*. With some hesitation, Elyse clarifies that she no longer blames Guy for the death of her father. Unfortunately, her trust does little to quell the guilt in his heart. The pair agree to begin a new professional relationship.

> "I've had a lot of time to think about what happened and it wasn't your fault. I don't blame you any more."
>
> "Maybe you should. Elyse, if I hadn't come to Gwerdowra on a whim—for a laugh... your father might still be alive."
>
> *Elyse to Guy.*

They are interrupted when Blythe reports a pirate ship one mile off the bow. Guy lifts his spyglass. It was an Umberlant sloop of war, a third the size of the Marley! He shoots Elyse a confident glance—they had the wind gauge. Elyse fires two warning shots, hoping the Umberlants might surrender. Instead, they attempt to flee! Gomruss acts fast, adjusting the density of two cannonballs to increase their range and velocity.

Gomruss lowers the cannons' elevation and fires! The graviturgy-enhanced cannonballs fizz through the air, leaving an almost perfectly straight trail of purple sparks. They crash through the sloop's hull from stern to bow and completely destroy its mast! The Marley's crew cry out in victory when the sloop raises a white flag of surrender.

---

### **Next: [Session 54](session-54)**
### **Previous: [Session 52](session-52)**
