---
layout: post
title: Session 57 House of Steel
---

While **Arti** invests in several uncommon potions, *Morxalim* asks **Gomruss** to sign their custom Dice Monarchs set for luck! *Fenton* then invites the *Six of Steel* to witness a rehearsal of the *Pompous Piper's Extravaganza*, scheduled to appear in *Anchora* in three days. Fenton takes centre stage as ringmaster and introduces his crew of daring acrobats, extraordinary bodybuilders and witty jesters. After a fun-filled evening, the party bid farewell to the Piper's crew and retire to their quarters on the *Marley* with a catchy tune in their heads.

***The party gains advantage on Charisma checks for 24 hours.***

## **996, Flavum 6th**

### Diamond Palace

**Bantonio** awakens to find his nose buried in his absent lover's hair. The familiar scent brings him comfort as she stirs. Queen *Carina* tightens her embrace on him and murmurs something about staying in bed. Though the feeling is mutual, *Rodrigo Santiago* must remind her of her forthcoming duties. For a moment, Carina questions the morality of their relationship, given her betrothal to *Rafael de Florencia*, the future patriarch of a noble family. In reply, Rodrigo considers the life they might have should they choose to elope together. The songbirds at the open window flee when Rafael bursts into the room! Rodrigo steps in front of Carina to protect her.

> "Rafael, wait! We were only doing what's in our hearts."
>
> "You should learn to control your heart, Santiago. Not to mention your libido. You're not worthy of my sword."
>
> "Funny, your fiancée says the same of you."
>
> *Rodrigo destroys Rafael.*

Rafael draws his rapier in anger, prompting Rodrigo to reply in kind. Despite Carina's protests, their swords clash in a dance of petty rivalry! Rafael is the first to parry, finding an opening to tear Rodrigo's shirt. The pair continue to trade blows until Rodrigo performs a disarming attack! The clumsy riposte slices into Rafael's forearm. The would-be king growls and surreptitiously draws his pistol. The blast interrupts Rodrigo's boasting. His fingertips find blood staining his shirt. Darkness begins to envelop his vision as he stumbles toward the open window.

The sight of Carina's horrified expression gives way to sky as the tingling sensation of falling overwhelms Bantonio. Somehow, the ground never arrives. Instead, a blanket of purple magic slows his fall and Gomruss' voice rings out.

> "Despair is easy, hope is hard. And brother, I like to stay hard."
>
> *Gomruss catches Bantonio.*

### The Marley

Bantonio wakes with a start when **Firien** knocks on his door. The dragonborn enters offering breakfast. Bantonio had overslept. The *Marley* is about to arrive at *Sullivanwick*. Sensing Bantonio's confusion, Firien encourages the hopeless romantic to discuss his dream. As always, Firien's kind words calm Bantonio's broken heart.

### Sullivanwick

**Guy** decides to stay behind and assist with *Elyse*'s preparations while the Six of Steel venture into Sullivanwick. The city's white stone architecture has been meticulously scrubbed of invading algae; a veneer for tourists that fails to hide evidence of poverty and classism. Negotiating their way through the crowded market, Firien discovers a signpost with directions to the Church; the *Hissing Hand*, a local tavern; and the *Bard's College*. Bantonio's eyes widen. Perhaps he could find his niece there. The Six of Steel split up with intent to rendezvous at the tavern.

Gomruss and Arti purchase a set of four elemental gems from a magic shop. The elderly deep gnome proprietor recommends a ***Cloak of the Manta Ray*** to aid their adventures at sea. The pair decide to purchase it as a gift for Guy. With some haggling, the total comes to **1000 gold**. Meanwhile, Bantonio conspicuously wanders the Bard's College grounds. He approaches a lecturer to ask after his niece, posing as her mentor. The lecturer is unable to divulge Elisa's personal information, but alludes to her frequenting the Hissing Hand as a performer.

Arriving at the Church, Firien and **Blythe** discover that a donation is required to enter. Firien sneers as they storm past the ineffectual guards. Their entrance interrupts Prefect *Jeremias Blackflight*'s conversation with *Bertrand Magnier*, Minister for the *Duchy of Ruby*. The minister exits with a smug expression, affording Firien the privacy to berate the prefect. They demand to know Blackflight's motive for smuggling basilisk venom. The prefect's eye twitches; evidently the man was under tremendous stress.

According to Blackflight, reports from the Church's embassy on *Mallia* indicated the yuan-ti were mobilising for war. He felt it necessary to secretly prepare his clerics against the paralysing abilities of their medusae warriors. However, Mallia had made no such advance and the venom was now destroyed. Furthermore, the *Magnier Trust* insurance company would not pay for the loss. Firien's fiery topaz eyes bore into the slimy prefect when he asks how much gold would buy their silence.

> "You think we can be bought? I am an acolyte of Bahamut! What we really need are ships. Enough to take on a certain Umberlant."
>
> "You're going after Anchorheart!?"
>
> *Firien blackmails Blackflight.*

Blackflight rubs his temples as he examines the map in his office. He finds eight ships he might spare. However, to adequately prepare them he will need the money that Magnier is keeping from him. Firien and Blythe share a glance. Perhaps Captain Brush could play his *Combe* card.

### The Hissing Hand

The Six of Steel reunite at the Hissing Hand. Blythe climbs atop Bantonio's shoulders to survey the exuberant crowd. A young woman approaches the corner stage with a guitar. The crowd hush in respect as a spotlight falls on *Elisa Santiago*. Bantonio marvels at his niece's command the crowd. Her lyrics resonate with his plight like never before.

> She promises to fight them all when it all becomes too much.  
> And he, he curses at the world for leaving him behind, and he's falling out of touch.  
> And she is stronger than he's ever been, he knows.  
> And she brushes her hand through his hair, he's got so much fucking hair.  
> And he holds her close just to keep the world at bay.  
> And when they're sure no-one can hear them...  
> She'll turn to him and say, she'll turn to him and say...  
> It's not fair, it's not fair how much I love you.
>
> *Elisa's song.*

While the crowd blow their noses, Bantonio approaches Elisa and removes his hood. The young woman's eyes glow in realisation and she tackles her uncle as if to claim all the hugs she had missed. According to her, Rafael claims to have foiled Rodrigo Santiago's attempt to assassinate the queen! Bantonio denies this, but appreciates that this fallacy will keep his love's reputation in tact.

Meanwhile, Firien casts sending to *Aura*. The Exarch remains safe. However, she expresses apprehension about *Tristis*' obsessive conduct. The Inquisition is surveiling everyone involved with the Miasma expedition, summoning those with sufficient knowledge to take Firien's oath. Aura regrets that only three of the *Feywild Ones* have taken the oath. As a result, the Feywild ones have disbanded.

Upon hearing this, Gomruss casts sending to *Tabitha*. Blowing her nose, Tabitha recounts her arguement with *Elaina*. She had failed to convince her best friend not to take the oath. Elaina, *Lothran* and *Cylaros* were now working with Tristis to find the next pillar. Recalling an encounter from three days ago, Gomruss suggests Elaina, Lothran and Cylaros join them in Sullivanwick to follow up on the curious whale song. That way, he can guarantee their safety.

---

### **Next: [Session 58](session-58)**
### **Previous: [Session 56](session-56)**
