---
layout: post
title: Session 50 Caelum Obscurum
---

**Arti** and **Firien** step forward to defend *Aura* when, without warning, the Grand Inquisitor summons a unique magical warhammer. Planting his weapon, *Tristis* explains that the *Fist of Caelum* is also a key. The ground quakes as marked tiles sink beneath the marble floor, revealing a staircase. **Blythe**'s eyes widen. The *Six of Steel* were about to enter the vault. The party agree to enter, but not before Firien casts death ward on the Exarch. As they descend, **Gomruss** subtly examines Tristis' heavy armour, while **Bantonio** studies the man's attributes. Between them, they find very few weaknesses.

### The Vault

With a wave of his hand, Tristis lights several chandeliers, illuminating the vault. The grand chamber is filled with artefacts, scriptures and tapestries, all sealed behind magical locks. **Guy** surveys the chamber for traps but finds only curious decorations in the ceiling. An alarm system perhaps? Tristis unlocks the case containing *Tenebrae*'s diary and hands it to Aura. Swallowing the lump in her throat, the Exarch reads *Ten*'s heretical words aloud.

Tenebrae began their life as an earth genasi artist. Receiving visions of a blight upon the land, Tenebrae felt compelled to paint a swirling dark purple void surrounding the region of Profundus. Having dwelt on the meaning of their ominous painting, Tenebrae was sought out by *Chauntea*, the deity of life and agriculture. She encouraged Tenebrae to travel the land and construct stone pillars that might retain the true history of events to come. These pillars would bear the blessings of Chauntea, *Lathander* and *Bahamut* so that together they might shield Profundus from the coming blight.

Tenebrae travelled the region for six years, beseeching those in power to prepare for the coming blight. Very few heeded their word. In that time, they and their followers managed to construct 24 pillars. However, upon hearing that many of the pillars had been vandalised by terror-stricken cynics, Tenebrae began to doubt their ability to complete the task entrusted to them. Fleeing from *Church of Lathander*, *Lao Tan*, a dark-haired woman until recently an aid to *Caelum Sol Orbis*, sought out Tenebrae to expose the Grand Paladin's treachery.

Lao Tan implored Tenebrae to focus their efforts not on preparing for the inevitable, but on discovering a way to prevent it. She spoke of a cabal of powerful fiends dwelling in the region of *Discidium*, who may be able to help. Having challenged and rediscovered their resolve, Tenebrae travelled to Discidium to seek out the *League of Archfiends*. Their number was said to include a powerful rakshasa sorcerer, an alu-fiend seductress, a cambion warmonger, and a durzagon artificer.

The fiends did not believe Tenebrae's tale until the shape-shifting alu-fiend returned with proof of Caelum's treachery. With the Archfiends' influence, Tenebrae's allies soon multiplied and collection began of the graphite required to construct the enormous diamond that would become the heart of *Mundi Eversor*; a great colossus that could match the powers of Caelum Sol Orbis, the aasimar who was to bring forth the Miasma in his bid for ascension.

Bantonio recalls his vision of the vast cavern beneath Discidium. The durzagon was able to refine the graphite into a diamond almost half a mile in diameter. With Eversor's heart complete, the rakshasa began the ritual to graft half of Ten's soul onto the diamond, and Eversor's skeleton grew from the very earth surrounding them. It seems the evacuation of Discidium drew the gaze of Caelum Sol Orbis, and in his hubris, he called upon his *Saints* to prematurely begin the ritual to cleanse his mortal body of darkness so that he might ascend to divinity.

Firien gently closes Gomruss' maw while Blythe bounces on her toes. When Aura questions the authenticity of the diary, Tristis quotes the antiquarians who dated the artefact to before the Rising. Guys studies the paintings on the wall. Among them, he recognises the *Insequentes Umbra* from *Camren*'s office. It depicts Caelum's battle with Mundi Eversor. The cambion stood atop Eversor's shoulder must not be Tenebrae but one of the fiends from their diary. Furthermore, Eversor's corrupt purple heart is exposed in the painting.

Firien's eyes widen. Could it have been Caelum's darkness that corrupted Eversor's heart? For a moment, Guy considers the possibility Caelum orchestrated the construction of Eversor so that he might have a vessel for his darkness. But then why would he destroy the heart? Arti questions Tristis' resolve once more, but the Grand Inquisitor remains convinced that revealing this secret would incite rebellion against the Church, plunging the Relief into chaos.

Firien addresses the party with a tone of resignation. Though unequivocally wrong to keep the truth from the Relief's citizens, Firien admits they do not yet have the full story. They propose Tristis allow the Six of Steel to find the remaining nine pillars before taking action. When Tristis refuses, *Kalyptos* steps forward.

> "You forget, Firien, Caelum wants these pillars destroyed. The Grand Inquisitor has a choice to make. If his loyalty lies with Caelum, he must kill all of us where we stand. But if his loyalty is to Aura, to Ardeat and the people of the Relief, he must put his faith in the Six of Steel."
>
> *Kalyptos supports Firien.*

The Grand Inquisitor hangs his head. After a moment, he loosens his grip on the Fist of Caelum. To proceed, he requires assurance that the party will not divulge the truth until the pillars are found. When the party refuse to have their memories modified, Firien instead suggests they take an oath. Beside Gomruss, *Spiro* clenches his fists. Gomruss realises the Grand Paladin is preparing to strike Tristis. He takes Spiro's hand in his golden claw, successfully soothing him. Still within the zone of truth, Spiro confides in Gomruss, then accuses Tristis of treason.

> "You can't seriously be considering swearing an oath to this man? After all he has done? You're just giving him more time to prepare a coup! Isn't that right, Tristis? I sent loyal clerics to the Manyshells. I played right into your hands."
>
> "An action was put in place the moment you stepped into the Oratory. I hoped not to use it. I still do."
>
> *Spiro accuses Tristis.*

Responsibility weighs heavily on Firien's shoulders as they debate the oath's composition. They must determine the consequences for revealing the truth and forbid Tristis from taking action against Aura. As the party bicker, Guy retreats behind a bookcase to remove something from his pocket—a letter he received this very morning. He recognises his wife's handwriting. With a heavy sigh, he breaks the seal.

Hours later, the Six of Steel, the Sol Orbis family, Kalyptos and Tristis raise their hands to take the oath. Gomruss thumbs Tymora's coin in his pocket. Satisfied, Tristis allows the Six of Steel to go free. Anxiety washes over Firien as if they had opened a floodgate. They sprint for the exit. Spiro opens his wings in pursuit. With the Oratory empty, Bantonio climbs the steps to the top of the spire. Outside, he inhales deeply as he watches the sun set below a new horizon. The warm spring wind tousles his hair as if by Lathander's hand.

### The Oratory

Exiting the Oratory, Firien ignores the withdrawing legion of Inquisitors and seeks refuge in the gardens. *Mercy*, a tiefling herald, spots Firien and guides them to her favourite hidden rock garden. She casts calm emotions, allowing Firien a moment of respite to explain themself. Spiro lands outside the garden to listen. After a short while, Spiro enters to express his gratitude—Firien's words had ensured the safety of his sister. He wraps his wings around Firien, cocooning them both in a loving embrace.

> "I can't keep doing this. I'm just waiting for the day when my words won't be enough."
>
> "And on that day, Firien, I will be by your side."
>
> *Firien cups Spiro's cheek.*

---

### **Next: [Session 51](session-51)**
### **Previous: [Session 49](session-49)**
