---
layout: post
title: Session 58 The Feywild Three
---

### The Marley

Stepping off the gangplank, **Guy** takes one last look at the *Marley* and her captain. *Elyse* stands speechless before Guy. To break the silence, she recapitulates how she might appeal to Vice Admiral *Kilik* in *Anchora*. When Guy confirms he intends to face *Anchorheart* with or without *Free Trade Navy* support, Elyse embraces him. She kisses his forehead before departing. Watching from the docks, Guy meets Elyse's gaze once more. He salutes as the Marley casts off.

> "You know, for a failed banker, washed-up pirate and frankly average sailor... you make a damn fine hero, Guybrush."
>
> *Elyse says farewell.*

### The Hissing Hand

Guy arrives to find **Bantonio** introducing *Elisa* to the *Six of Steel*. The young woman regularly attends public lectures at the *Bard's College*. However, to apply for a course there she will need work experience. She intends to accept a job as an entertainer aboard a cruise ship heading to *Longrock* in three days. Recalling the wrecks they discovered around *Killigrew Mor*, Bantonio urges Elisa not to take the job.

**Firien** apprises the party of Prefect *Jeremias Blackflight*'s situation. In order to garner his support, they will need to convince *Bertrand Magnier* to relinquish his money. Elisa raises her hand. According to her, Magnier is on the cruise ship's passenger manifest. Guy snaps his fingers! With a little help from **Blythe**, he could disguise himself as his father, *Iandithas Combe*, and trick Magnier. First, however, Blythe requests help with her plan to engage the *Crosscut Circle*.

### Sullivanwick

The Six of Steel split into teams to investigate the outskirts of *Sullivanwick*. **Arti** and Firien both notice ubiquitous Caelum iconography throughout the city. Unfortunately, Guy's impromptu history lecture can provide no clues as to where Blythe might find a dead drop. That is until Guy points out the cemetery where *Jowan Aubrey* is buried. According to Captain Brush, Aubrey was the local hero who successfully repelled the 768 PO Antiquan Armada at *Penzance*, now known as Sullivanwick.

Investigating the grave, Guy finds it curious that Caelum's halo should appear on Aubrey's headstone considering he was not affiliated with Church. Examining the symbol closer, he brushes it with his finger and leaves a glowing fingerprint! Blythe steps forward and draws a cross through the circle. A hollow cylinder emerges from the headstone. It's empty, presumably awaiting correspondence. Blythe hastily scribbles a note requesting a meeting at *Tamar Bridge* tomorrow evening and two ham and cheese sandwiches.

### The Hissing Hand

*Elaina*, *Lothran* and *Cylaros* arrive at *The Hissing Hand* and are greeted by Firien, who shows them upstairs to a private room. Before entering, Firien grabs Lothran by the shoulder and slams them into the wall. The dragonborn warns against lusting after Arti's unique botanical features. Lothran seems genuinely remorseful and apologises to Arti for making them feel uncomfortable. Despite this, Firien keeps an eye on the mysterious warlock. Evidently they were eager to study the telomere seeds.

When questioned, Elaina claims to regret disbanding the *Feywild Ones*. She misses *Tabitha* and worries how the Inquisition might surveil her friends since they declined to take the oath. Cylaros maintains they each made the decision out of a desire to help the Relief. When Elaina asks after the party's lead, Arti recounts their encounter with two minke whales that sang *Saint Lydia's Song*. They were sure the whales could lead them to the next pillar. However, they would need a submarine to reach it.

Elaina is outraged that Firien should summon her party under false pretences. How were they supposed to commandeer a submarine coveted by one of the most dangerous pirates in the *Manyshells*? Firien speaks with a stern yet regretful tone—this was the only lead they had. Furthermore, the Six of Steel must first deal with Anchorheart. The fey-touched trio agree to stay at The Hissing Hand at least until they hear the result of Blythe's rendezvous with the Crosscut Circle.

### Instant Fortress

Trekking south of Sullivanwick, the Six of Steel find a level clearing to set down their Instant Fortress. Stepping away from the cube, **Gomruss** speaks the command word. The cube instantly transforms into an ancient Antiquan fortress thirty feet high with walls of adamantine! The northern wall is partially damaged—only a wish spell can repair it. Inside, the fortress is plainly furnished for twenty Antiquan warriors. Exploring the second floor, Blythe discovers a bell on a stone table.

Gomruss identifies the bell as a ***bell of spirit summoning***. Despite her peers' objections, Blythe rings the bell. Suddenly, 100 tiny dinosaurs appear from the ether and surround the Six of Steel! They observe the party with bulbous eyes as if waiting for orders. When Gomruss bellows, the scrawny spirits scatter and begin preparing the fortress for six adventurers. Within minutes, the fortress is replete with homely furnishings and amenities. While Arti and Bantonio pet the tiny dinosaurs, Firien steps onto the balcony.

Beneath a starry sky painted with aurora, Firien reaches out to *Spiro*. Struggling to find words, they admit to doubting the decisions they've made. Their oath had divided the Feywild Ones. How might their future decisions affect others? Fortunately, Spiro's brand of cocksure wisdom brings a smile to their face.

> "I don't know why people follow me. I just say things that make sense at the time."
>
> "Let me tell you a secret... that's all I ever do."
>
> *Firien to Spiro.*

Gomruss finds Firien on the balcony and invites them to join in a meditation. Closing their eyes, the pair begin to float on a cushion of graviturgy. Dwelling on Firien's oath and the gods that preside over it, their shared dreamscape presents an expanse of far-reaching ethereal threads. When Gomruss pulls taut a thread, he feels the vibrations made by *Tristis Veritas*, as his machinations only serve to entangle him further. Gomruss speculates that the threads not only represent their oath but also the destinies of all those it affects.

Following the threads to their conclusion summons the image of a humanoid figure as bright as the sun. Gomruss realises his arms are wide not in welcome but in bondage. The threads of fate were somehow binding *Caelum Sol Orbis*.

---

### **Next: [Session 59](session-59)**
### **Previous: [Session 57](session-57)**
