---
layout: post
title: Session 60 Before the Storm
---

## **996, Flavum 8th**

*Rose*'s sending stone chimes at midnight and **Blythe** answers. *Agnes* speaks in concise whispers. The *Umberlee's Wrath* is now in stealthy pursuit of a githzechi ship out of *Os Terrae*. Apparently, Anchorheart's first mate advised him to follow the vessel rather than board it. Agnes estimates they will arrive at the *Farwest* archipelago in three days. She may be able to sabotage Anchorheart's weapons at the appropriate time. Rose and *Subira* remain confined to the Wrath's brig, fatigued but safe.

*Faust* declares that the *Lady Firehair* must set sail now to beat Anchorheart to Farwest. Blythe orders **Arti**, **Gomruss** and **Firien** to meet them at the harbour. In turn, Gomruss casts sending to *Elaina* and explains the situation. Begrudgingly, she, *Cylaros* and *Lothran* sleepily don their armour and make their way to the harbour. **Bantonio** pauses briefly to place a warning for the *Crosscut Circle* in the dead drop.

### The Lady Firehair

**Guy** marvels at the Lady Firehair's design as they set sail. She was a ship built for speed without any weapons. Firien casts sending to *Vetra Bery*, whom they met at *Project Abyss*. They warn her of the approaching threat and advise evacuation. Stunned by Firien's knowledge, Vetra chooses to trust them. She admits the submarine cannot yet dive; Anchorheart would surely spot them if they fled to Os Terrae.

After deliberating with the *Six of Steel*, Firien suggests they move the submarine to *Pedn Vounder*, a grotto at the centre of Farwest which Guy once used for smuggling. The githzechi could then set traps for Anchorheart along the straits to *Serpent's Creek*, the submarine's previous location. Out of options, Vetra agrees to the plan but makes it clear that she will not submit to an arrest. To her surprise, Firien instead claims to have a common interest with the Crosscut Circle.

## **996, Flavum 9th**

The winds intensify and shift to a favourable southern course, allowing Firien a moment of respite; they had already exhausted their gust of wind spells. While Firien liaises with *Elyse* and Prefect *Blackflight*, Arti confers with *Ten* on deck. Troubled by the image of Caelum bound by ethereal threads, Arti studies their notes. Could the four fiends from Ten's memory have orchestrated a plan to trap Caelum? Although Ten's memory remains incomplete, when they dwell on the moment of Caelum's ascension, they feel his desperation.

Firien reports that Blackflight received *Magnier*'s donation and has tasked eight ships to converge on Farwest under the command of Chaplain *Durzus*. Likewise, Elyse has successfully assumed command of five ships and one airship after publicly reprimanding Vice Admiral *Kilik*. While Durzus' ships will arrive in two or three days, Elyse's ships won't arrive for another week. *Rose*'s sending stone chimes once more. Agnes reports that strong winds have revealed the Umberlee's Wrath! Anchorheart's stealth mission has become a high-speed chase.

## **996, Flavum 10th**

After completing his exercises, Bantonio approaches Faust and asks why he named his ship after a goddess envied by Umberlee. Faust pleads ignorance and chuckles at the coincidence. When Firien implies that the Lady Firehair is built not for speed but for quick getaways, Faust admits he once fled from an opportunity to kill Anchorheart. He intends now to face the consequences of his actions alongside the Six of Steel.

Faust winces when Bantonio suggests disguising the Lady Firehair. Though pressed for time, Faust reluctantly agrees; Anchorheart would surely recognise her otherwise. The Six of Steel begin stripping the paint from the hull. Faust drowns his woes in wine as Guy removes the performance sails in favour of standard rigging. Blythe spots the Umberlee's Wrath chasing the githzechi ship off the port bow. The elemental's persistent fog cloud emanated from the Wrath, deformed by the strong winds as if in her wake.

Snatching up his spyglass, Guy examines the Wrath's deck. At a distance of two miles, he struggles to identify the crew. His heart sinks when he catches the glint of a spyglass in the crow's nest. They had been spotted! Without warning, the fog cloud draws in and a maelstrom opens beneath Anchorheart's ship! The Wrath sinks rapidly, disappearing in seconds. Just as suddenly, the Wrath is ejected from the sea right beside the githzechi ship! Stunned by the deluge of salt water, the githzechi are powerless against the Wrath's point-blank cannon volley. The astral warriors quickly yield to Anchorheart's boarding party.

---

### **Next: [Session 61](session-61)**
### **Previous: [Session 59](session-59)**
