---
layout: post
title: Session 61 The Siege of Farwest—Part 1
---

Through his spyglass, **Guy** spies a flash of electric blue aboard the captive githzechi ship. *Anchorheart* was undoubtedly interrogating the crew. *Faust* declares they must assume Anchorheart now knows everything the githzechi know. **Firien** contacts *Vetra* to announce their arrival and report the githzechi ship's capture. As they suspected, Vetra chose not to tell the githzechi the submarine's new location. Furthermore, traps have been laid along the straits to *Serpent's Creek*. With the fog dispersed, **Blythe** can clearly identify eight ships, including the *Umberlee's Wrath*, under Anchorheart's command. They lay in wait as the *Lady Firehair* crosses the threshold into *Farwest*.

### Pedn Vounder

Guy expertly helms the Lady Firehair into the grotto alongside the submarine. The unfinished sections of the submarine have been repurposed so the vessel can be deployed from an improvised catamaran. It seems Vetra took Guy's advice. While the submarine’s pressure hull bears *Ingenium*’s brass motif, its new casing is jagged wrought iron typical of githzechi design. The *Six of Steel* are greeted by Vetra. At her side, *Naal* meets Blythe's gaze. The *Crosscut Circle* were few in number and had little to their name.

Vetra reports that the submarine won't be seaworthy for another two days. **Gomruss** offers to examine the vessel, hoping to expedite the Circle's escape. When Vetra questions Firien's loyalty, the dragonborn explains how the Six of Steel took an oath of secrecy when they discovered the truth behind Caelum's ascension. Initially, Vetra dismisses Firien's claim as naive, until they contend that *Tristis* now works for them.

Gomruss introduces himself to **Ka'achest*, the submarine's chief engineer. According to the githzechi, they lack the materials required to waterproof the hull. Gomruss snaps his fingers! Using beeswax from Faust's ship, he could create something akin to oakum and solidify the substance with graviturgy once applied. The sound of distant cannon fire prompts Ka'achest to agree. Guy and **Bantonio** assist the crew with the repairs.

## **996, Flavum 11th**

In the dead of night, Vetra reports a three-on-three ship battle at Serpent's Creek. Though the traps had ensnared Anchorheart's scouts, the githzechi were desperately outgunned. Guy turns to Firien. Anchorheart was assessing their strength; he liked to weaken his quarry before delivering a decisive blow. With a nod, Firien recruits the Circle's best archers. Alongside **Arti** and the *Feywild Ones*, they would mount a defence atop the grotto. Gomruss summons the Adamantine Fortress inside the grotto to serve as their redoubt.

The grotto begins to quake as the battle draws nearer. Ka'achest drags Gomruss to the submarine's engine room. The crankshaft was jammed! Gomruss opens a hatch, exposing a piston inside the giant resonance engine. Mustering all his magic, Gomruss blasts the piston once, twice, thrice! The piston yields and the engine thrums into life! Vetra beckons the Circle aboard urgently. When she offers Firien the chance to escape, they decline. They had unfinished business with Anchorheart, and the Circle's safety was more important than obtaining the submarine. Firien can't help but question their decision as the submarine leaves the grotto.

While Arti stacks sandbags above the grotto's hidden entrance, Firien receives a sending. Vetra had spotted two more of Anchorheart's ships, blocking the submarine's escape to the north. They were trapped. Guy steps forward. Their only chance of escape was to parley with Anchorheart. Guy considers his words carefully as he rubs the sending stone given to him by Vetra. With any luck, Anchorheart had claimed the githzechi captain's sending stone. The Umberlant's hoarse voice heralds a sense of dread.

> "Did you per chance hear of the theft on Ingenium, Captain?"
>
> "You've got it? Hahahaha! I knew there was a reason I liked you, boy. Bring it to me."
>
> "Well that's where it gets tricky, Captain. You see, I'm at Pedn Vounder—fallen in with some honourable types."
>
> "Pedn Vounder? You widnae be after a certain submarine now wid ye?"
>
> "I can offer you its location and the gun. In exchange, you release Rose. A Rose for a thorn, Captain?"
>
> "Hehehe, I like that... it rhymes. But I want to meet in open water. Tell you what, cos I like you, I'll call off my ships—give you an hour to think about it."
>
> *Guy parleys with Anchorheart.*

---

### **Next: [Session 62](session-62)**
### **Previous: [Session 60](session-60)**
