---
layout: post
title: Session 62 The Siege of Farwest—Part 2
---

With a sunken heart, **Guy** enlists **Gomruss**, **Bantonio** and *Lothran* to crew the catamaran while the others defend *Pedn Vounder*. *Anchorheart* would undoubtedly send scouts to investigate the grotto once Guy was aboard the *Umberlee's Wrath*. When the githzechi report that Anchorheart's ships are retreating south as promised, **Firien** casts sending to *Vetra* with an alternative western escape route. Vetra warns that the submarine lost sight of two Umberlant ships to the north—they may still be skulking around *Farwest*. **Blythe** climbs to the top of Pedn Vounder to keep watch as the catamaran sets sail.

### Umberlee's Wrath

Anchorheart greets Guy as a wayward son, squeezing the breath from his lungs as soon as he's aboard. The rotund Umberlant asks after Guy's wellbeing. He fondles his enormous beard as he listens to Guy's stories. Unexpectedly, Anchorheart welcomes Gomruss aboard with a hearty handshake. When he shows interest in Gomruss' expertise, the dragonborn claims to be an illusionist. Guy takes the opportunity to scan the crew—he could not find *Agnes*.

> "You have no idea what I went through to get this gun, Captain. I had to hide in a mechanical horse!"
>
> "But keep it to yourself... it's clop secret!"
>
> "HAHAHAHAHAHA! Why are none of you laughing?"
>
> *Guy and Gomruss entertain Anchorheart.*

Aboard the catamaran, Bantonio sharpens his sword with a magical whetstone, fearing a confrontation may be inevitable. Gomruss observes more than twenty crewmembers on deck—they were desperately outnumbered. Fortunately, the elemental gem he had given Guy could provide adequate distraction. The dragonborn's eyes are drawn to the magical warhammer on Anchorheart's belt. Could this be the source of his power? When questioned, the Umberlant grabs Guy in a headlock and whispers in his ear.

> "I've made a deal with the devil, lad."
>
> "Oh? Which one?"
>
> "Oh, no I was speaking figuratively..."
>
> *Anchorheart hints at an alliance.*

Anchorheart's jovial tone darkens suddenly. With a gesture to his crew, *Rose* is brought forward in manacles. Sparing Rose a glance, Guy recoils before Anchorheart can take the gemlock rifle. His final gambit might just lure Anchorheart to *Pedn Vounder*. He claims that the *Crosscut Circle* abandoned the submarine at the grotto when they were attacked by the mysterious denizens of an adamantine tower that had appeared overnight. Anchorheart seems intrigued. Antiquan ruins often held valuable treasures. Guy's heart pounds as the Captain mulls it over.

> "What's to stop me taking the gun and sending my ships to Pedn Vounder right now?"
>
> "You can't start the submarine without me, Captain..."
>
> "Oh? When did you become an engineer?"
>
> "I was there when she was being built. Trust me, she's unlike anything you've ever seen."
>
> *Guy deceives Anchorheart.*

### Pedn Vounder

In the moonlight, Blythe spies an Umberlant ship anchored to the north. Her keen eye discerns snake-like shapes in the water approaching Pedn Vounder. Blythe alerts the archers and they seek a new vantage point inside the grotto. Hidden by the rocky shore, the archers mark six yuan-ti malison and their triton shorestalker riders as they emerge from the water. Curiously, while the triton wear apparel typical of pirates, the yuan-ti are uniformly armoured. Mallian warriors! Firien's eyes widen. Though their clerical garb bore no Caelum iconography, the dragonborn feared a confrontation might lead to war.

Suddenly apprehensive, Firien reveals themself to address the yuan-ti directly. They implore the Mallian warriors to reconsider their alliance but they quickly dismiss the petition as a ruse. When the lead triton raises a sending stone to contact Anchorheart, *Elaina* looses a shocking arrow, stunning him! Blythe, *Cylaros* and the archers follow suit, raining arrows down on the shorestalkers. Two yuan-ti charge at Firien! With a flourish of their shoulder cape, Firien casts mirror image and their dragonborn duplicates weather the attack.

*Faust* evades attacks from two yuan-ti and spreads his wings to shield Firien. **Arti** leaps down from their hiding place to knock prone another shorestalker. They slash at the triton first with their glaive, then their razor sharp claws. The triton flees into the water, raising his sending stone to alert Anchorheart. Firien acts instinctively and the triton is quickly impaled by Bahamut's claw. The blood drains from Firien's cheeks as anxiety overwhelms them.

A second volley from the archers prompts the shorestalkers to seek cover. The yuan-ti share a glance—they were not being targeted. A bold triton snatches up his superior's sending stone and hides behind a rock to successfully contact Anchorheart.

---

### **Next: [Session 63](session-63)**
### **Previous: [Session 61](session-61)**
